Madhuca utilis is a tree in the Sapotaceae family. It grows up to 40 metres (130 ft) tall, with a trunk diameter of up to 70 centimetres (28 in). The bark is greyish brown. The fruits are ellipsoid, up to 5.5 centimetres (2.2 in) long. The specific epithet utilis is from the Latin meaning \"useful\", referring to the timber. Habitat is swamps and lowland kerangas forests. M. utilis is found in Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
The Lycée Edmond Perrier (Edmond Perrier high school) is a general and technical secondary education institution, located in Tulle, Correze. It is dedicated to zoologist Edmond Perrier, born in Tulle in 1844. It was built by Anatole de Baudot, and has many similarities with the Lycée Lakanal, due to the same architect. His motto is \"Sint rupes virtutis iter\", identical to that of Tulle which means \"The difficulties are the path of virtue\".
Shareh Khvor (Persian: شره خور‎‎) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
St. Rose Roman Catholic Church Complex is a Roman Catholic church complex located at Lima in Livingston County, New York. The complex consists of four contributing buildings: 1) St. Rose Church, constructed 1870-1873; 2) Brendan Hall, constructed in 1894 as a parochial school; 3) rectory; and 4) convent. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Langangen is a village in Porsgrunn municipality, Telemark county, in Norway. Langangen borders to Larvik municipality and Vestfold county. Its population is 499 (2009 Census). Langangen was earlier divided by European route E18 but in 1979 the road was led over Langangen bridge. Langangen has its own elementary school and chapel.
José Enrique Moyal (1 October 1910 – 22 May 1998) was a mathematical physicist who contributed to aeronautical engineering, electrical engineering and statistics, among other fields. He helped establish the phase space formulation of quantum mechanics in 1949 by bringing together the ideas of Hermann Weyl, John von Neumann, Eugene Wigner, and Hip Groenewold.This formulation is statistical in nature and makes logical connections between quantum mechanics and classical statistical mechanics, enabling a natural comparison between the two formulations. \"Phase Space Quantization,\" is a synonym for \"Moyal Quantization\" and largely avoids use of operators for quantum mechanical observables prevalent in the canonical formulation.Quantum-mechanical evolution in phase space is specified by a Moyal bracket. Moyal grew up in Tel Aviv, and attended the Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium. He studied in Paris in the 1930s, at the École Supérieure d'Electricité, Institut de Statistique, and, finally, at the Institut Henri Poincaré. His work was carried out in wartime England in the 1940s, while employed at the de Havilland Aircraft company. He was a professor of mathematics at Macquarie University, a colleague of John Clive Ward at the former School of Mathematics and Physics, having previously worked at Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois.
George Montagu (1753 – 20 June 1815) was an English army officer and naturalist. He was known for his pioneering Ornithological Dictionary of 1802, which for the first time accurately defined the status of Britain's birds. He is remembered today for species such as the Montagu's harrier, named for him.
The Chestertown Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1931 and located in Chestertown, Kent County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick structure with a full basement that emulates a medieval fortification. The front facade features an entryway flanked by simple two-story towers, which are topped by small square stone panels. The Armory hall is used for dances and cotillions, local hospital benefits, and other social functions, and the Friends of the Library hold annual trade shows there. The Chestertown Armory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Spiczyn [ˈspit͡ʂɨn] is a village in Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland and is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Spiczyn. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Łęczna and 18 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Trash is the first full-length album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on December 24, 1981. Full album released from political records that is independent music label for the first time as The Stalin. At that time, 2000 pieces were newly pressed because it sold all immediately after release, and the order poured in, and sales of the exception were recorded in the independent music label though as many as 1000 pieces were pressed at first because it was an independent production board. However, all re-release is not done, and a still hard-to-find work according to the problem in extreme content and contract of the use of the broadcasting prohibition term. A lot of bootlegs appear on the market, too and therefore, the CD board is only a bootleg and exists. A-side are studio recording sound source and B-side are a live sound sources. The content of the album Several of collection changes the title in the work after the following majors debut, and what it tried to record is collected.
Żarczyn [ˈʐart͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kcynia, 26 km (16 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią, and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
Dear Friend Hitler (Hindi: प्रिय मित्र हिटलर), released in India as Gandhi to Hitler, is a multilingual Indian drama film based on letters written by Mohandas Gandhi to the leader of the Nazi Party and Chancellor of Germany Adolf Hitler. The film, starring Raghubir Yadav as Adolf Hitler and Neha Dhupia as Eva Braun, was directed by Rakesh Ranjan Kumar and produced by Anil Kumar Sharma under the production house Amrapali media vision. It was screened at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival where it received negative reviews. Film Business Asia quoted that \"despite the provocative title, the film is not a tribute to the murderous Führer\". It premiered in India on 29 July 2011.
Side Effects is an EP by the Danish singer-songwriters Mads Langer and Tim Christensen, released on July 19, 2014 through RCA and Sony Music Denmark. The EP was awarded the \"Danish rock album of the year\", while the collaboration garnered the duo a GAFFA Award for \"Danish rock band of the year\".
West One Music Group is a British global music agency that delivers music to clients worldwide. Founded in Soho, London in 2003 the group consists of eight independent labels including West One Music, The Scoring House, Fired Earth Music, Electronic Dance Series, Noise Refinery. Recording live music in locations around the world, such as Abbey Road Studios, West One Music Group focus on creating quality music, written and produced for use in media. With offices and in-house recording facilities in London, Munich, Paris, Hong-Kong and Bangkok, the company expanded in January 2016 into the United States, opening offices in both Los Angeles and New York, delivering music directly to US clients for the first time. The latest label, launched in January 2016, was Somos, which aims to bring Latin American music to the world. West One Music Group is deeply engrained in the history of the British music scene and boast connections through its co-founder, Richard Harvey, with Hans Zimmer, John Williams, The Who and many other legendary musicians.
Mesa sti nihta ton allon (Μέσα στην νύχτα των άλλων) is the final album for the band Trypes. The band's break-up was announced shortly after the album was released. The album contains ten regular tracks by the band plus two bonus tracks. 1.  \n* Είσοδος (Isodos, Entry) 2.  \n* Ακίνδυνο τραγουδάκι (Akindino Tragoudaki, Harmless little song) 3.  \n* Μέσα στη νύχτα των άλλων (Mesa sti nihta ton allon, Within the night of the others) 4.  \n* Διψάω σαν ψάρι στο βυθό (Dipsao san psari sto vitho, I'm thirsty like a fish in sea) 5.  \n* Η αγωνία μου είναι φως (I agonia mou ine fos, My agony is light) 6.  \n* Γιορτή (Giorti, Celebration) 7.  \n* Είμαι ελαφρύς (Ime elafris, I am light) 8.  \n* Χρόνος (Chronos, Time) 9.  \n* Artistz 10.  \n* Δρόμος (Dromos, Way) 11.  \n* Φως (Fos, Light) (Christos Harbilas) 12.  \n* Αέρας (Aeras, Air) (Giorgos Tolios)
Vastine Wessinger House is a historic home located near Lexington, Lexington County, South Carolina. It was built about 1891, and is a two-story, rectangular, frame farmhouse. It is sheathed in weatherboard and has a truncated hip roof. The front façade features a projecting Victorian influenced, ornamented double-tiered porch. Also on the property is a contributing small, frame building used as a garage, but originally operated as a store by in the 1890s and from 1910-1935 as a farm commissary. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The École Camondo is a five-year private school of product design and interior architecture located in Paris, France, which was created in 1944 and was recognized by the French Ministry of Education in 1989. It is named after the Camondo family, a European family of Jewish financiers and philanthropists.
Uh Huh Her is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey. The album was written, recorded and produced over a two-year period by the singer/songwriter herself. She also played every instrument in the album – a first from Harvey since 4-Track Demos in 1993 – with the exception of the final drum tracks, added by long-time collaborator Rob Ellis. It was released on 31 May 2004 in the United Kingdom and on 8 June 2004 in the United States. To support the release, Harvey toured for seven months. She performed in various European summer festivals such as Glastonbury and opened for Morrissey in a few dates. During the same tour she also performed the album's unreleased title-track. Uh Huh Her debuted and peaked at number 12 in the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Silver by the BPI. It became Harvey's highest charting album to date in the U.S., peaking at number 29 in the Billboard 200, and had sold more than 135,000 copies there as of 2005, according to AskBillboard. Although it charted higher than Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea in many territories, Uh Huh Her failed to achieve its predecessor chart longevity and crossover interest. The album received largely positive reviews upon its release, although there was some criticism towards its production. It currently holds a 79 out of 100 metascore at Metacritic based upon 28 reviews, indicating \"Generally Favorable Reviews\". Uh Huh Her also earned PJ Harvey nominations to awards such as the Grammy Awards and the Brit Awards.
The Adel Bridge is located on the east edge of Adel, Iowa, United States. The 400-foot (120 m) span carried traffic on River Street over the Raccoon River. The Dallas County Board of Supervisors received a petition to replace a deteriorating bridge at this location. The old bridge had been built where ferry service had been initiated in 1850, three years after the town had been established. They contracted with the King Iron Bridge and Manufacturing of Cleveland to build the two-span Pratt through truss bridge for $12,500. It was a primary river crossing into Adel until 1932 when the U.S. Highway 6 bridge was completed not far to the south. While it remains in place, it was closed to vehicular traffic in 2000. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Knut Fægri (17 July 1909 – 10 December 2001) was a Norwegian botanist and palaeoecologist. Fægri was born in Bergen. He was the son of Major Ole A. Fægri (1875–1962) og Gudrun Stoltz (1881–1940) and nephew of botanist, natural scientist and politician Jørgen Brunchorst (1862–1917).
Latymer Upper School is a selective independent school in Hammersmith, west London, England, between King Street and the Thames. Founded by Edward Latymer in 1624, it is a coeducational school with over 1,200 pupils. It has a Prep department for pupils aged 7 to 11 and is one of the leading academic schools in the country, as measured by its position in the national league tables of GCSE and A level performance, and one of the top schools for the arts and sport. The Sixth Form of 340 is one of the largest in London and offers forty academic courses as well as extra curricular activities. According to the Good Schools Guide, the school \"aims to set new standards for co-education in west London.\" As of 2016, the school charges fees of £18,420 a year per student.
Still a Hot Boy is the fourth album released by rapper, Turk. It was released on September 15, 2005, through Laboratory Records and featured production from Kenoe, DJ Toomp, Drumma Boy. This was Turk's first album not to make it to any charts.
Viola (US /vaɪˈoʊlə/ and UK /ˈvaɪ.ələ/)is a genus of flowering plants in the violet family Violaceae. It is the largest genus in the family, containing between 525 and 600 species. Most species are found in the temperate Northern Hemisphere; however, some are also found in widely divergent areas such as Hawaii, Australasia, and the Andes. Some Viola species are perennial plants, some are annual plants, and a few are small shrubs. A large number of species, varieties and cultivars are grown in gardens for their ornamental flowers. In horticulture the term \"pansy\" is normally used for those multi-coloured, large-flowered cultivars which are raised annually or biennially from seed and used extensively in bedding. The terms \"viola\" and \"violet\" are normally reserved for small-flowered annuals or perennials, including the species.
Castilleja foliolosa is a species of Indian paintbrush, known by the common names woolly Indian paintbrush and Texas Indian paintbrush. It is native to California and northern Baja California, where it grows in chaparral and rocky desert and mountain slopes. Despite its common name, it does not occur in Texas.
Sarcocornia is a genus of flowering plants in the amaranth family, Amaranthaceae. They are known commonly as samphires, glassworts, or saltworts. The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution, and is most diverse in the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa.
Suwanee is a city in Gwinnett County, in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of 2013, the population is approximately 17,688. Suwanee was the practicing home of the Atlanta Falcons football team from 1979 to 2001 and was voted among the Top 10 Best Places to Live by Money in 2007. In 2012, Suwanee was rated the third best place in America for raising families by Kiplinger, and in 2013, Suwanee was identified as one of the nation's 10 Best Towns for Families by Family Circle magazine. Portions of Forsyth County and Fulton County also have Suwanee and its zip code (30024) as a mailing address.
Centromadia fitchii, Fitch's spikeweed or Fitch's tarweed, is a species of North American plants in the tarweed tribe within the sunflower family. It is native to California and southwestern Oregon. Centromadia fitchii is an herb up to 50 cm (20 inches) tall. It produces arrays of numerous yellow flower heads with both ray florets and disc florets.
Sebastien Groulx (born 29 October 1974 in Saint-Hyacinthe) is a Canadian male weightlifter, competing in the 69 kg category and representing Canada at international competitions. He participated at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the 69 kg event. He competed at world championships, most recently at the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships.
Shaltukabad (Persian: شلتوك اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Shaltūkābād; also known as Shaltūkābād-e Gonbagī) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 828, in 200 families.
Northeastern Bible College was founded by Charles W. Anderson and first opened in September, 1950, as Brookdale Bible School, at the Brookdale Baptist Church in Bloomfield, New Jersey. The college relocated to a campus in Essex Fells in the fall of 1952. The name was changed in 1964 to Northeastern Collegiate Bible Institute, and finally in 1973 to Northeastern Bible College. Northeastern won the 1st official NCCAA D-I Soccer Championship in the Fall 1973 and in the spring of 1974, was granted full accreditation by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. The school closed in 1990 due to financial difficulties and low enrollment. The King's College, originally located in Briarcliff Manor, NY, closed its doors in 1994 because of financial difficulties, but was revived in 1998, and in 1999, acquired Northeastern Bible College and proceeded to lease two floors in the Empire State Building where it continued until 2012 when the College relocated to Lower Manhattan, near Wall Street. There are about 2,000 alumni from Northeastern Bible College, 70% of whom are engaged in full-time Christian service.
Kuzucu is a village in Mezitli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. (Mezitli district center is in Greater Mersin) . It is situated in the southern slopes of the Toros Mountains at 36°50′N 34°25′E﻿ / ﻿36.833°N 34.417°E. The distance to Mersin is about 25 kilometres (16 mi). The population of the village is 297  as of 2012.
Muniaczkowice [muɲat͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Koniusza, 8 km (5 mi) west of Proszowice, and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Leon Festinger (8 May 1919 – 11 February 1989) was an American social psychologist, perhaps best known for cognitive dissonance and social comparison theory. His theories and research are credited with renouncing the previously dominant behaviorist view of social psychology by demonstrating the inadequacy of stimulus-response conditioning accounts of human behavior. Festinger is also credited with advancing the use of laboratory experimentation in social psychology, although he simultaneously stressed the importance of studying real-life situations, a principle he perhaps most famously practiced when personally infiltrating a doomsday cult. He is also known in social network theory for the  (or propinquity). Festinger studied psychology under Kurt Lewin, an important figure in modern social psychology, at the University of Iowa, graduating in 1941; however, he did not develop an interest in social psychology until after joining the faculty at Lewin’s Research Center for Group Dynamics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1945. Despite his preeminence in social psychology, Festinger turned to visual perception research in 1964 and then archaeology and history in 1979 until his death in 1989. Following B. F. Skinner, Jean Piaget, Sigmund Freud, and Albert Bandura, Festinger was the fifth most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
Kazem-e Heydar (Persian: كاظم حيدر‎‎, also Romanized as Kāz̧em-e Ḩeydar) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 20 families.
Reliance Steel and Aluminum Co. (RSAC) (NYSE: RS), is a Fortune 500 company and the largest metals service center (MSC) corporation in North America. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Reliance operates hundreds of metals service centers globally. It provides metals processing services and distributes a line of approximately 50,000 metal products, including aluminum, brass, alloy, copper, carbon steel, stainless steel, titanium, and specialty metalproducts to fabricators, manufacturers, and other end users. In an industry dominated by small, family-owned businesses, Reliance grew from a single metals-processing center in Los Angeles into a major corporation by acquiring dozens of competitors. In an interview with an industry publication in 1992, Joe D. Crider, then president and chief operating officer, explained, \"You can pay the bill [for higher market share] through price cutting, or through paying goodwill to buy a competitor. In cutting prices, you often trash the marketplace. So over time, the latter route is usually the less expensive, as long as you buy at a reasonable price.\"
Anchor Drops is Umphrey's McGee's third studio album, released on June 29, 2004. It is the first studio album to feature drummer Kris Myers. For this album, the band mixed progressive rock with acoustic folk, jam band grooves, heavy metal and electronica. The album also contains a horn section (including Karl Denson) on the track \"Wife Soup.\" The cover is an overhead image of the city of Chicago. In the inner sleeve many close up shots of the city of Chicago are portrayed. On the cover, the word \"Chicago\" is written in maritime flags.
Denham is a city in Pine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 35 at the 2010 census. Denham is located in the northwest corner of Pine County. Pine County Roads 46 and 52 are two of the main routes in the Denham area.
Kordlar (Persian: كردلر‎‎) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District, Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,654, in 678 families.
Coeur d’Alene High School is a four-year public secondary school in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, one of two traditional high schools in the Coeur d'Alene School District #271. The school serves the northeastern half of the district, with students from the cities of Coeur d'Alene, Dalton Gardens, Hayden, and a portion of unincorporated Kootenai County. The school colors are blue and white and the mascot is a Viking.
Action Replay is a special six-song EP by British pop musician Howard Jones. It was released only in the United States to support the single version of Jones' hit \"No One Is To Blame\". Other songs on this release include tracks previously only available in the UK, and a handful of extended remixes. Action Replay was remastered and released on CD for the first time in 2011. The EP was a substantial hit in North America and on import in Europe.
David Möller (born 13 January 1982) is a German luger who has competed since 2001. He won six medals at the FIL World Luge Championships with four golds (Men's singles: 2004, 2007; Mixed team: 2004, 2007), one silver (Men's singles: 2008), and one bronze (Men's singles: 2005) Möller also won four medals at the FIL European Luge Championships with one gold (Mixed team: 2006), one silver (Men's singles: 2004), and two bronzes (Men's singles: 2006, 2008). He also finished fifth in the men's singles event at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino and won the silver medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver . Möller's best Luge World Cup overall finish was second three times (2005-6, 2006-7, 2007-8). On 18 January 2009, Möller suffered a cruciate ligament rupture while training in Oberhof. He underwent surgery for the rupture in Munich at the end of February. Möller underwent physical rehabilitation in early 2009 to prepare for the 2009-10 Luge World Cup and Winter Olympics in Vancouver to which he qualified.
Niemierzyno [ɲɛmjɛˈʐɨnɔ] (formerly German Nemmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 154.
The Body Has a Head is an album by King Missile frontman John S. Hall, released exclusively in Germany in 1996. Though billed as a Hall \"solo album,\" the collection features considerable input from multi-instrumentalists Sasha Forte, Bradford Reed, and Jane Scarpantoni, all of whom would become members of the next incarnation of King Missile (\"King Missile III\") and contribute to that group's \"debut\" album, 1998's Failure. King Missile's compilation The Green Album, sold exclusively at live shows, contains all the tracks from The Body Has a Head plus fourteen live King Missile tracks and an alternate version of the song \"Gay/Not Gay\" from Failure.
Man is the third studio album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and was released March 1971. It was the first album by this line-up, Terry Williams having replaced Jeff Jones on drums, while Martin Ace replaced Ray Williams on bass. As well as a change in personnel, the album also represented a change in record label from Pye to United Artists (released under the UA stable \"Liberty\" imprint) with whom the band would remain until 1976. Reviews were mixed, particularly regarding the long tracks \"Would the Christians....\" and \"Alchemist\" which were an attempt to recreate some of the longer improvised jams that the band performed on stage, but which did not have the same impact on vinyl. The album contained three shorter tunes: \"Country Girl\" that showed a clash of direction but showcases some fine Welsh harmonies. \"Daughter of the Fireplace\", a Leonard-penned rocker, which became a stage favourite (and highlight of Man's 1972 live LP Live at the Padget Rooms, Penarth) while \"Romain\", a bluesy-shuffle, was written as a reaction to Martin Ace's treatment by a Belgian police officer of the same name when he attempted to intervene in a situation at a music festival; the song remains in the Man live set to the present day.
Egg Harbor City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 4,243, reflecting a decline of 302 (-6.6%) from the 4,545 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 38 (-0.8%) from the 4,583 counted in the 1990 Census.
Boffo Games was a short-lived computer games developer founded in 1994 by Steve Meretzky, Mike Dornbrook, and Leo DaCosta. The logo was designed by Gayle Syska, formerly of Infocom. Boffo only produced two games, Hodj 'n' Podj and The Space Bar, before closing its doors in 1997. Hodj 'n' Podj was originally designed for Media Vision but it divested all of its multimedia interests following a securities-fraud scandal and the title was purchased by Virgin Interactive. The Space Bar was originally to be published by Rocket Science Games (RSG) but SegaSoft bought out RSG and became the game's publisher. The official Boffo Games web page is still in existence, but Steve Meretzky now maintains it as his personal site. Information about Boffo and its games can still be found on the site.
SkyWheel is a 187-foot tall (57.0 m) Ferris wheel in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. When it opened on 20 May 2011 it was the second-tallest extant Ferris wheel in North America, after the 212-foot (64.6 m) Texas Star in Dallas, and the tallest wheel in the United States east of the Mississippi River.
A Cave Man Wooing is a 1912 American silent comedy starring King Baggot and directed by Otis Turner. It was produced by Independent Moving Pictures (IMP). As of 2012, a print of this film survives, with Dutch intertitles, in the holdings of the EYE Film Institute Netherlands in Amsterdam.
Holy Trinity Church, also known as the Church of the Holy Trinity (Episcopal) located at 325 Gold Street in Juneau, Alaska. The present church building was built in 2009, replacing an 1896 structure which burned in 2006. The old church was designed by architect George E. James in the Carpenter Gothic style, and was built by Foss and Olsen in 1896 to serve a mission congregation founded only the year before. Sometime before 1914 the church building was raised up to allow the addition of a basement. The parish hall built in 1956 did not continue the Carpenter Gothic architecture of the church itself. From 1918-1914, the church served as the pro-cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. On October 19, 1978, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Hisao Yamada (山田 尚勇 Yamada Hisao, June 8, 1930 – May 21, 2008) was a Japanese computer scientist, known for his influential contributions to theoretical computer science, as well as for the development of Japanese keyboard layouts, a challenging practical problem. From 1972 to 1991, he was professor of the formal languages division at the Department for Information Science at the University of Tokyo.
Shad Baghi (Persian: شادباغي‎‎, also Romanized as Shād Bāghī; also known as Shāh Bāghī) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 34 families.
Live in Dallas is a video recording of Morrissey in concert. Originally released on VHS in 1992 (and later released on DVD in 2000), the video was filmed in front of a sell out crowd of 11,000 people at the Dallas Starplex Amphitheater during 1991. This film includes footage of the infamous stage invasion which caused Morrissey to exit the stage halfway through the first encore, leaving guitarist Alain Whyte on vocals. The set consisted of songs featured on his first two studio albums Viva Hate and Kill Uncle, as well as the compilation album Bona Drag.
See Anthony Run (alternate title: The Sleepover) is a 2005 short film co-written and directed by Matthew Piacentini, a production assistant on the 1993–2005 ABC police drama NYPD Blue. It starred Cody Estes as a shy 10-year-old boy forced to into a sleepover with a school bully, played by Rhett Damon. Jennette McCurdy plays Lucy, the bully's older sister.
Sakkottai is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. The village is famous for the Amirthakadeswarar Temple. Popular Indian historian S. Krishnaswami Aiyangar and manimekalai sukumar mudaliyar hailed from Sakkottai
Shahid Shahmoradi Community (Persian: گروه مشاع شهيدشاهمرادي‎‎ – Garveh Mashāʿ-ye Shahīd Shāhmorādī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 5 families.
Sand and Blood (French: De sable et de sang) is a 1988 French drama film directed by Jeanne Labrune. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
Esfajin (Persian: اسفجين‎‎, also Romanized as Esfajīn and Esfejīn; also known as Isbadzhin and Isbājin) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 835, in 201 families.
Yellow Submarine is a 1968 British animated musical fantasy comedy film inspired by the music of the Beatles, directed by animation producer George Dunning, and produced by United Artists and King Features Syndicate. Initial press reports stated that the Beatles themselves would provide their own character voices; however, aside from composing and performing the songs, the real Beatles participated only in the closing scene of the film, while their cartoon counterparts were voiced by other actors. The film received a widely positive reception from critics and audiences alike. It is also credited with bringing more interest in animation as a serious art form. Time commented that it \"turned into a smash hit, delighting adolescents and esthetes alike\".
Barcice [barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Tragheimerweide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Ryjewo, 16 km (10 mi) north of Kwidzyn, and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 330.
André Previn Plays Songs by Vernon Duke is a piano solo, jazz album by André Previn. It was meant to be a homage to jazz composer Vernon Duke. It was released in 1958 under Contemporary Records as C 3558. It was Previn's second album dedicated in its entirety to a famous composer. After its release, other two tribute albums would follow: André Previn Plays Songs by Jerome Kern (1959) and André Previn Plays Songs by Harold Arlen (1960).
Ike Reighley House is a historic home located at Newberry, Newberry County, South Carolina. It was built about 1885, and is a two-story, asymmetrical weatherboarded Victorian style dwelling. It features stick style decorative details on the wraparound porch. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Gez-e Gerd (Persian: گزگرد‎‎) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 7 families.
PeopleSoft, Inc. was a company that provided human resource management systems (HRMS), Financial Management Solutions (FMS), supply chain management (SCM), customer relationship management (CRM), and enterprise performance management (EPM) software, as well as software for manufacturing, and student administration to large corporations, governments, and organizations. It existed as an independent corporation until its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in 2005. The PeopleSoft name and product line are now marketed by Oracle. PeopleSoft Financial Management Solutions (FMS) and Supply Chain Management (SCM) are part of the same package, commonly known as Financials and Supply Chain Management (FSCM).
The Dick Tracy OST is a 1990 soundtrack album to the film of the same name. It features songs written by Andy Paley and performed by such diverse musicians and singers as k.d. lang, Take 6, Jerry Lee Lewis, Brenda Lee, Tommy Page, August Darnell, Patti Austin, Erasure, Ice-T, LaVern Baker, Al Jarreau, Darlene Love and Paley himself. Most of the songs on the album are performed in the style of the music of the 1930s, the era in which the film is set, with the exception of more modern performances such as a rock and roll version of Lewis' \"It Was the Whiskey Talkin' (Not Me)\" and a \"90's Mix\" of Ice-T's \"Dick Tracy\". Six of the album's sixteen tracks were not featured in the film: \"The Confidence Man\", \"Dick Tracy\", \"Slow Rollin' Mama\", \"Mr. Fix It (1930's Version)\", \"Mr. Fix It\" and \"Dick Tracy ('90s Mix)\". A month after the release of the soundtrack album, Ice-T released a single titled \"Dick Tracy\" which featured a different song from the one featured on the album. The album is one of three soundtracks released for the film, the others being Madonna's I'm Breathless album, and an orchestral score by Danny Elfman.
The Indictment (French:Le réquisitoire) is a 1931 drama film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Marcelle Chantal, Fernand Fabre and Elmire Vautier. It was made by Paramount Pictures at the Joinville Studios in Paris as the French-language version of Manslaughter. Paramount was a leader in producing Multi-language versions during the early 1930s, and German, Spanish and Swedish versions were also made of the film.
Breath of the Gods – A Journey to the Origins of Modern Yoga  (German: ''Der atmende Gott – Reise zum Ursprung des modernen Yoga'') is a 2012 German documentary about the origins of modern Hatha yoga.
Kalakalappu is a 2012 Indian Tamil comedy film co-written co-produced and directed by Sundar C. and produced by his wife Kushboo Sundar. It features Vimal, Shiva, Anjali, Oviya and Santhanam in lead roles and music composed by Vijay Ebenezer. It was originally titled Masala Cafe, but was later renamed to Kalakalappu. The film released on 11 May 2012. The film is 25th directorial venture for Sundar.C.The film was remade in Telugu as Jump Jilani starring Allari Naresh.
Martinus (Tinus) Tels (born 16 August 1926 in Rotterdam – died 2 January 2008 in Veldhoven) was a Dutch physicist and chemical engineer. He was a professor of chemical engineering, dean of the department of chemical engineering and the ninth rector magnificus of the Eindhoven University of Technology.
Green Wheels is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It includes a CD and a 5-inch record. The title comes from a line in the poem An Anna Blume by Kurt Schwitters, \"Red is the colour of her green wheels.\" The track \"Meattrapezoid\" was used on Russell Haswell's track \"Micromedley\" on the Merzbow remix album Scumtron. Outtakes from this album are included Merzmorphosis.
Viva Las Vegas is a 1964 American musical film starring Elvis Presley and actress Ann-Margret. Directed by golden age Hollywood musical director George Sidney, the film is regarded by fans and by film critics as one of Presley's best movies, and it is noted for the on-screen chemistry between Presley and Ann-Margret. It also presents a strong set of ten musical song-and-dance scenes choreographed by David Winters and featured his dancers. Viva Las Vegas was a hit at movie theaters, becoming the number 14 movie in the list of the Top 20 Movie Box Office hits of 1964.Based on the Box Office Report database. The movie was #14 on the Variety year end box office list of the top-grossing movies of 1964.
West Seneca East Senior High is a public, co-educational high school in the West Seneca Central School District and serves grades nine through twelve. It is accredited by the New York State Board of Regents.
Oroville (formerly, Ophir City) is the county seat of Butte County, California. The population was 15,506 (2010 census), up from 13,004 (2000 census). Oroville is located off of Highway 70, and is in close proximity to Highway 99, which connects Butte County with Interstate 5. Chico, California is located about 25 minutes north of the city, and Sacramento lies about an hour south. Oroville is considered the gateway to Lake Oroville and Feather River recreational areas.The Berry Creek Rancheria of Maidu Indians of California is headquartered here. The City of Oroville has recently annexed two location in South Oroville, areas A and B, which have a combined population of 2,725 people. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the population of the city to be 17,996 as of Jan. 1, 2016, up 1,908 people or 11.9 percent during 2015.
The New Salem Common Historic District encompasses the historic town center of New Salem, Massachusetts. It includes the town common, as well as properties along Soutn Main Street from Lovers Lane in the south to its junction with West Main Street, Wendell Road, and Millenium Road in the north. The area was originally laid out when the town was settled in 1737, which historically included the town animal pound, training ground for militia, churches, and other civic buildings. Most buildings in the district date to the 18th and 19th centuries. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Kamian-e Bala (Persian: كاميان بالا‎‎, also Romanized as Kāmīān-e Bālā and Kāmyān-e Bālā; also known as Kāmīān, Kāmīyān, and Kāmyān) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 79, in 16 families.
Yathrakkoduvil(English:At the end of the journey) is a Malayalam movie starring Sreejith Vijay and Thilakan among others. It is directed by Basil Zac. The movie was released on 11 January 2013
Asclepias tuberosa is a species of milkweed native to eastern North America. It is a perennial plant growing to 0.3–1 metre (1 ft 0 in–3 ft 3 in) tall, with clustered orange or yellow flowers from early summer to early autumn. The leaves are spirally arranged, lanceolate, 5–12 cm long, and 2–3 cm broad. This plant favors dry, sand or gravel soil, but has also been reported on stream margins. It requires full sun. It is commonly known as butterfly weed because of the butterflies that are attracted to the plant by its color and its copious production of nectar. It is also the larval food plant of the Queen and Monarch butterflies. Hummingbirds, bees and other insects are also attracted. Use of the plant is contraindicated in pregnancy, during lactation or with infants due to the small amount of cardiac glycosides.
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a 1939 mystery film based on the novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was directed by Sidney Lanfield and produced by 20th Century Fox. It is among the best-known cinematic adaptations of the book, and is often regarded as one of the best.The film stars Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes, Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson and Richard Greene as Henry Baskerville. Because the studio was unsure that the film would be a success, and that Rathbone and Bruce would make many more Sherlock Holmes films together, top billing went to Richard Greene, who was the film's romantic lead. Rathbone was billed second. Wendy Barrie, who played Beryl Stapleton, the woman with whom Greene falls in love, received third billing, and Nigel Bruce, the film's Dr. Watson, was billed fourth. In all their other Holmes films, Rathbone and Bruce would receive first and second billing respectively. The Hound of the Baskervilles marks the first of the fourteen Sherlock Holmes films starring Rathbone and Bruce as Holmes and Watson, respectively. It is also notable as the earliest known Sherlock Holmes film to be set in the Victorian period of the original stories; all known previous Holmes films, up to and including the 1930s British film series starring Arthur Wontner as Holmes, had been updated to a setting contemporaneous with the films' release. It is also the only film in the series to be a strict adaptation of a source material, while subsequent installments would feature original titles and incorporate various elements of different stories.
Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 35 families.
St. Anthony's Senior Secondary school, New Delhi, India or  SAS is an unaided Christian institution owned by the Institute of the Franciscan Clarist Missionaries of the Most Blessed Sacrament, a body registered under the Societies Registration Act XXI 1860.
Tekyeh-e Sepahsalar (Persian: تكيه سپهسالار‎‎, also Romanized as Tekyeh-e Sepahsālār and Takye-ye Sepahsālār) is a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 349, in 106 families.
Prostanthera ovalifolia, known as the oval-leaf mintbush or purple mintbush, is one of about 90 Australian endemic species from the genus Prostanthera. Known as Australian mints or native mints. This widespread and commonly seen plant is a branched woody shrub, which may reach up 4 metres tall. It has dark green round leaves 5 to 40 mm long and 3 to 10 mm wide. Prostanthera ovalifolia occurs in wet and dry sclerophyll forests, often on sandstone. Flowers are mauve or a deep purple blue, occurring between August and November. Its native distribution is in Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopalian church in Fremont, a city in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Built in the 1840s and expanded multiple times in the following decades, it has been named a historic site for its distinctive architecture.
Creep 2 is an upcoming 2017 American horror film directed by Patrick Brice and written by Brice and Mark Duplass. It stars Duplass and Desiree Akhavan. It is the sequel to the 2014 film Creep. Jason Blum is serving as an executive producer through his Blumhouse Productions banner.
Dušan Savnik (1919–1975) was a Slovene lawyer, journalist and translator. Savnik wrote a number of non-fiction books on geographical, historical and political aspects of various parts of the world including Latin America in Svet nasprotij (A World of Opposites), 1958, Africa in Afrika včeraj in danes (Africa Yesterday and Today), 1960, and Oceania in Oceanija v sodobnem svetu (Oceania in the Modern World), 1964. He also translated into Slovene books such as Michihiko Hachiya's Hiroshima Diary  (Slovene title: Hirošima: zdravnikov dnevnik), 1958, Anton Zischka's Asiens wilder Westen (Slovene title: Azijski divji zapad: Spremembe v Zahodni Kitajski, Tibetu, Mongoliji in Sibiriji), 1960 and Richard Wright's Black Power (Slovene title: Črna sila), 1960. He won the Levstik Award in 1958 for Svet nasprotij (A World of Opposites), a look at twenty countries of Latin America.
Politics (1988) is the sixth studio album from the jazz group Yellowjackets, and their third for the MCA label. The album was awarded \"Best Jazz Fusion Performance\" at the 1989 Grammy Awards.
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3 is the third greatest hits collection by American country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1991 by RCA Records. The album's only single, \"L.A. to the Moon,\" peaked at #45 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Doug's 1st Movie is a 1999 animated film based on the Disney version of the television series Doug. The film was directed by Maurice Joyce, and stars the regular television cast of Tom McHugh, Fred Newman, Chris Phillips, Constance Shulman, Frank Welker, Alice Playten, and Guy Hadley. It was produced by Jumbo Pictures and Buena Vista, and released by Walt Disney Pictures on March 26, 1999. In theaters, the Disney short \"Opera Box\" from the television series Mickey Mouse Works was featured before the film; the short featured Donald and Daisy Duck. Despite the title, no further movies based on Doug were made.
Stick It is a 1972 studio album by Buddy Rich and his big band. The album was his third for RCA Records as well as his last album for the label prior to his 1976 album Speak No Evil.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co. Ltd. (NBB) is a Japanese investment firm and subsidiary of the Nomura Group. It was established in 1986 as a joint venture in 1986 between Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (now known as Nomura Holdings, Inc.), Japan's largest security firm, and Babcock & Brown, an American investment and advisory firm. During the 1990s, the company became involved in a joint venture with The Walt Disney Company and Interscope Communications. It produced several films that were released between 1992 and 1995.
Ingvar Axel Harald Ericsson (born 31 August 1927) is a retired Swedish middle-distance runner who specialized in the 1500 m event. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics and finished eighth in 1952. At the European championships he was seventh in 1950 and fourth in 1954. Ericsson won the national 1500 m title in 1952, 1954 and 1955 and set a new national record in 1956. He was a firefighter by profession.
Riley Towers are three residential high rises in Indianapolis, Indiana. They were completed in 1962. Towers 1 and 2 have 30 floors, and Tower 3 has 16 floors. They are the tallest residential buildings in the state of Indiana. \n* List of tallest buildings in Indianapolis
Tacurong, officially the City of Tacurong (Hiligaynon: Dakbanwa/Syudad sang Tacurong; Filipino: Lungsod ng Tacurong), is a third class city in the province of Sultan Kudarat, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 98,316 people. Tacurong has a total land area of 15,340 hectares, the smallest in land area among the province's 12 municipalities. Tacurong became a component city of Sultan Kudarat in 2000 by virtue of Republic Act 8805 in September 2000. Tacurong is located at the center of SOCCSKSARGEN. It is 92 kilometres (57 mi) from General Santos City, 96 kilometres (60 mi) from Cotabato City and 178 kilometres (111 mi) from Davao City. It is situated at the crossroads of the Davao-General Santos-Cotabato highways, and is the financial, commercial, education, and recreation center of the area. It services the needs of 15 neighboring municipalities. People from these areas go to Tacurong to sell their products, purchase their needs, pursue education, avail of medical and health services, and seek recreation. As an important hub of the Mindanao transport grid, Tacurong is visited by numerous passengers and transients on their way to the cities of Davao, Cotabato, General Santos and even Cagayan de Oro.
Kári Steinn Karlsson (born 19 May 1986) is an Icelandic long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the men's marathon, finishing in 42nd place. Kári went to University of California Berkeley.
Jahanabad (Persian: جهان آباد‎‎, also Romanized as Jahānābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 26 families.
Osowa [ɔˈsɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Hańsk, 16 km (10 mi) south of Włodawa, and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
The Moth Confesses is the 1969 debut album by The Neon Philharmonic. Described as \"A Phonograph Opera,\" it was inspired, according to the liner notes, by a production of Samuel Barber's Antony and Cleopatra, which Saussy attended after The New York Times claimed that it was a terrible opera, and wanted to see what a terrible opera looked like, which he surmised was its deliberate attempt to appeal to a one-time audience. In response, he conceived this album as a condensed opera, with a moth-like protagonist, focused on the \"literary theme\" of desperation. Saussy did not imagine it could be staged like Tommy, but offered it up as a challenge. \"Brilliant Colors\" and \"Morning, Girl\" were both released as singles, while \"The New Life Out There\" was used to promote the record as a contemporary opera in radio advertisements. \"Morning, Girl\" hit #17 and was later covered by The Lettermen, which slowed and made rubato the tempo and was backed mostly by strings. Shaun Cassidy covered \"Morning Girl, Later\" with a few tweaked lyrics (omitting the reference to \"Catherine\" that complicates the song implying that the protagonist now has a wife or daughter) and titled it \"Morning, Girl.\" The songs primarily cover the topic of striking out towards a new life when relationships fail for various reasons.
Zgornji Leskovec is a settlement in the upper valley of Lipnica Creek, a minor tributary of the Drava River, in the Municipality of Videm in eastern Slovenia. The area traditionally belonged to the Styria region. It is now included in the Drava Statistical Region. The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint Andrew and belongs to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maribor. The parish is known as Sveti Andraž v Halozah. The church was built in 1545.
Faster is a 2003 documentary film about the motorcycle road racing world championship, MotoGP. Filmed between 2001 and 2002 by director Mark Neale, it features cinematography by music video director Grant Gee and is narrated by Ewan McGregor. It was succeeded by a 2-disc \"Ultimate Collector's Edition\" re-release in 2004 which included \"Faster '03-'04 The Sequel\". In 2006, The Doctor, The Tornado and The Kentucky Kid (or DTK) was released, followed by \"Fastest\" in 2011 and \"Hitting the Apex\" in 2015.
Zuwara /zʊˈwɑːrə/ (Tamazight: Tamurt n Wat Willul ⵜⴰⵎⵓⵔⵜ ⵏ ⵡⴰⵜ ⵡⵉⵍⵍⵓⵍ, Arabic: زوارة, Italian: Zuara) is a port city in northwestern Libya, with a population of around 80,000, famous for its beautiful beaches and abundant seafood. It is situated 102 km (63 mi) west of Tripoli and 60 km (37 mi) from the Tunisian border. It is the capital of the Nuqat al Khams district. Its population speaks Zuwara Berber, a Zenati Berber language.
Lee Yuen Yin (born 16 July 1989) is a Hong Kong female competitive rower. She qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and was selected to represent Hong Kong in the women's lightweight double sculls, together with Lee Ka Man.
John Willinsky (born 1950) is a Canadian educator, activist, and author. Willinsky is currently on the faculty of the Stanford Graduate School of Education where he is the Khosla Family Professor. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada. He retains a partial appointment at SFU where he directs the Public Knowledge Project.
Dick's Picks Volume 34 is the 34th installment of the Dick's Pick's series of Grateful Dead concert recordings. It is a three CD set that contains the complete show recorded on November 5, 1977 at the Community War Memorial in Rochester, New York. It also includes additional material recorded on November 2, 1977, at the Seneca College Field House in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Walnut Hill is a historic home located near Lynchburg, Campbell County, Virginia. The 1 1/2-story dwelling was built in several sections starting in 1802. The oldest section is a log dwelling with an internal gable-end stone chimney, and is now the south wing. Before 1820, a two-room-plan frame addition was built onto the north end of the log dwelling to become the main or front section of the house. One-story frame additions were made about 1870, in 1948-1950, and again in 1984. Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse, chicken house, kitchen chimney, and family cemetery. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Shin-ai Naru Mono e (親愛なる者へ) is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in March 1979. The album is best known for the track \"Ōkami ni Naritai\", which has been one of fan favorites and later included on the compilation album Daiginjo released in 1996. It gained another public attention in the late 1990s, through the TV ad for Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co.'s energy drink which features the song. Shin-ai Naru Mono e was relatively successful upon its release, although there was no lead single before the album came out. It debuted at the number-three on the Oricon LP chart and climbed the summit of there in April 1979, providing her with the first number-one spot on the album chart.
The Love Tyrant is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It was described as an \"Australian drama about the back blocks\" and a \"stirring drama full of thrilling incidents\". It was set during the early bushranging days. It is a lost film.
Alcea, commonly known as hollyhocks, is a genus of about 60 species of flowering plants in the mallow family Malvaceae. They are native to Asia and Europe. The single species of hollyhock from the Western Hemisphere, the streambank wild hollyhock, belongs to a different genus.
Regions Plaza is a 24-floor office high-rise located at 1180 West Peachtree Street in Atlanta, Georgia. The building was completed in 2001 and renovated in 2014. The building currently serves as the Georgia headquarters for Regions Financial Corporation. The building is located on the corner of 14th Street and West Peachtree Street which is the latitude line that defines the center of Midtown. Its parking garage entrance is located at 1217 Spring Street. Prior to 2013, the building was known as Atlantic Center Plaza.
Ernest Manning High School is a public senior high school located in the City of Calgary, Alberta, Canada, south of the Bow River. The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Calgary Board of Education.
Theodorus Hubertus Antonius \"Theo\" Nikkessen (born 18 August 1941) is a retired Dutch amateur track cyclist. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 4 km team pursuit and finished in fifth place.
Włodzice Małe [vwɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Wenig Walditz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lwówek Śląski, and 107 kilometres (66 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Kalateh-ye Mir Hasan (Persian: كلاته ميرحسن‎‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mīr Ḩasan; also known as Mīr Ḩasan and Patū) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 22 families.
Sakhteman (Persian: ساختمان‎‎, also Romanized as Sākhtemān) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 6 families.
Feel No Fret is the seventh album by Scottish funk and R&B band Average White Band (also AWB) released in 1979 on the RCA label in the United Kingdom and the Atlantic label in the United States. It reached No. 15 in the UK charts, with 15 weeks in total on the charts, and No. 32 in the US charts.
Khaiharwa  is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7216 people living in 1301 individual households.
Kierzno [ˈkʲɛʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kępno and 143 km (89 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has an approximate population of 550.
Bloc is an online interactive platform that offers a variety of online coding bootcamps in several areas including web development, mobile development, and design. It also adopted the apprenticeship model where students are paired with an experienced mentor who provides support and guidance throughout the curriculum using Skype.
Bites and Remission is a compilation by Skinny Puppy released on Nettwerk in 1987. The release of this compilation coincides with that of Remission & Bites and contains many of the same songs, albeit in a different context. This compilation culls songs from the assorted releases of Skinny Puppy's first two albums, Remission and Bites, and features remixes of two songs in place of their original versions.
St. Martin High School is a \"High Performing School\" that is a part of the Jackson County School District in Mississippi. The campus contains two buildings and is located at 11300 Yellowjacket Boulevard in the unincorporated community of St. Martin, which is located just north of Ocean Springs, Mississippi. St. Martin High School is recognized as being one of the best performing schools in the state. In the spring of 2009 St. Martin High School was recognized as #1 in the state tied with a small school in North Mississippi. Also, they received a bronze level rating, from U.S. World News Report.
Capt. Jacob Shoemaker House is a historic home located in Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Middle Smithfield Township, Monroe County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1810, and is a 1 1/2-story, fieldstone dwelling over a banked stone basement. It has a gable roof with two dormers. The rear of the building has a two-story porch. It was the home of the locally prominent Shoemaker family. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Rubus originalis a rare North American species of brambles in the rose family. It has been found in theeastern United States (New Jersey, Maryland, West Virginia, and North Carolina). Nowhere is it common. The genetics of Rubus is extremely complex, so that it is difficult to decide on which groups should be recognized as species. There are many rare species with limited ranges such as this. Further study is suggested to clarify the taxonomy.
Penstemon davidsonii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Davidson's penstemon, honoring Dr. George Davidson. It is native to North America from the Sierra Nevada Range in California and Nevada through the Coast and Cascade ranges of Oregon and Washington into British Columbia.
Part II is the second part to the Kings of Crunk album. It is an EP by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz that consists mainly of remixes of the studio album Kings of Crunk.
YMCA Baseball Team (Hangul: YMCA 야구단; RR: YMCA Yagudan) is a semi-historical 2002 South Korean comedy film. In 1905, there was a confluence of international events leading to the loss of Chosŏn Korean sovereignty, and by 1910, Japan formally annexed Korea outright. The Japanese, having already defeated Qing China (1895) and signed an alliance with the United Kingdom (1902), defeated Imperial Russia (1905), and signed a secret agreement with the United States (1905) to respect each other’s \"sphere of influence\" in the Pacific. In these chaotic times, an eclectic group of Koreans find refuge in the quintessentially American pastime.
Czerwona Wola [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔna ˈvɔla] (Ukrainian: Червона Воля, Chervona Volia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sieniawa, 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Przeworsk, and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 483.
Vanambadi(English: Nightingale or Skylark) is a 1963 black-and-white Tamil language Suspense Film was directed by G. R. Nathan and Produced by K. Murugesan. The film script were written by Valampuri Somanathan. Music by K. V. Mahadevan assets to the movie.It stars S. S. Rajendran and Devika in the lead roles with R. Muthuraman, S. V. Sahasranamam, T. R. Rajakumari, T. R. Ramachandran, R. S. Manohar, Pushpalatha and Sheela in supporting roles. Kamal Haasan appears as a child artist in the film. The film was adaptation from Sheesparish Bengali novel.
Square Peg in a Round Hole, (often misquoted as Apparatjik World) is the second studio album from rock supergroup Apparatjik. It was originally released via Apparatjik's iPad application, Apparatjik World, on 11 November 2011, as the \"first edition\" of the album. The production of the album included the help and support of Apparatjik fans to produce a further 10 more editions of the album before the final version was released on 21 February 2012.
Sikorzyno [ɕikɔˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Puck and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk. For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Leary School of Alexandria, Virginia, is one of two campuses operated by the Lincolnia Educational Foundation, Inc., a non-public, non-profit organization. The other campus is located in Oxon Hill, Maryland. The Leary Schools are special-education schools that together serve over 200 students with emotional, behavioral and learning problems annually. Timber Ridge School, a residential treatment center in Cross Junction, Virginia, exists for boys age 10-17 requiring treatment in a 24-hour-a-day environment.
Pszczółki-Szerszenie [ˈpʂt͡ʂuu̯ki ʂɛrˈʂɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grudusk, 19 km (12 mi) north of Ciechanów, and 94 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw. The village has a population of 40.
Land of Liberty is a 1939 American documentary film written by Jesse L. Lasky Jr. and Jeanie Macpherson. The film tells the history of the United States from pre-Revolution through 1939. The film was released on June 15, 1939, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Thigh Line Lyre Triangular is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, released in 1961, which depicts the birth of the director's third child, Neowyn. The film, which involves painting and hand-scratching over photographic images, is more abstract than the director's earlier Window Water Baby Moving, which documented the birth of Brakhage's first-born, Myrrenna.
She Watched The Sky is the first EP by the American post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive. It was released on January 23, 2007, on Tragic Hero Records. It is their only release with vocalist, Jordan Blake. A music video directed by Brianna Campbell was made for the track, \"Drown The City\". In the video, A Skylit Drive is seen at a club and playing the song in a parking lot.
The tribe Swartzieae is an early-branching monophyletic clade of the flowering plant subfamily Faboideae or Papilionaceae. Traditionally this tribe has been used as a wastebasket taxon to accommodate genera of Faboideae which exhibit actinomorphic, rather than zygomorphic floral symmetry and/or incompletely differentiated petals and free stamens. It was recently revised and most of its genera were redistributed to other tribes (Amburaneae, Baphieae, and Exostyleae). Under its new circumscription, this clade is consistently resolved in molecular phylogenies. Members of this tribe possess \"non-papilionate swartzioid flowers[…]largely characterized by a tendency to lack petals combined with a profusion and elaboration of free stamens\" and a \"lack of unidirectional order in the initiation of the stamens\". They also have \"complete or near complete fusion of sepals resulting from intercalary growth early in development, relatively numerous stamens, and a single or no petal, with other petals not at all apparent in development.\" The tribe is predicted to have diverged from the other legume lineages 48.9±2.8 million years ago (in the Eocene).
Deh Sorkheh (Persian: ده سرخه‎‎) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 476, in 96 families.
The Psychopathology of Everyday Life is the eighth album by avant-garde band King Missile, and the band's second in its incarnation as \"King Missile III.\" It was released on January 21, 2003. The album is named after a 1901 book by Sigmund Freud. The album cover features a mock Parental Advisory label that reads, \"WARNING: CONTAINS LOTS OF CURSES: DO NOT BUY!\"
Hydeout Productions 1st Collection is a compilation album, the first album released by Nujabes' Hydeout Productions. It showcases Nujabes' style of combining the music genres of hip hop and jazz, and features artists Funky DL, Apani B, Substantial, Shing02, L-Universe, Pase Rock, Five Deez, and Cise Starr. Hydeout Productions 1st Collection received critical praise.
Nurcihan Gönül (born 1970) is a Turkish female former weightlifter, who competed in the +83 kg category and represented Turkey at international competitions. She competed at world championships, most recently at the 1997 World Weightlifting Championships.
Datalight is a privately held software company specializing in power failsafe and high performance software for preserving data integrity in embedded systems. The company was founded in 1983 by Roy Sherrill, and is headquartered in Bothell, Washington.
Sgt. Bilko is a 1996 American comedy film directed by Jonathan Lynn and written by Andy Breckman. It is an adaptation of the iconic 1950s television series The Phil Silvers Show, often informally called Sgt. Bilko, or simply Bilko, and stars Steve Martin, Dan Aykroyd and Phil Hartman.
Gariz-e Olya (Persian: گاريزعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Gārīz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gārīz-e Bālā, Kārez ‘Arab, Kārīz-e ‘Arab, Kārīz-e Bālā, and Korz ‘Arab) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 143, in 42 families.
Bleuphoria is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Rahsaan Patterson, released July 19, 2011 on Artistry Music. It is his latest release on the label. Production for Bleuphoria was handled primarily by Patterson and long-time collaborators Jamey Jaz and Keith Crouch. The album feature singers' Jody Watley, Shanice Wilson, Faith Evans and Lalah Hathaway, also his cover of Frank Sinatra's \"I Only Have Eyes For You\". The tracks \"Easier Said Than Done\" was released to radio and available on iTunes, the single \"6 AM\" is currently on airplay at radio.
Blood Brothers: The International Recording is a 1995 studio cast recording of the Willy Russell musical Blood Brothers. The album features David Cassidy, Shaun Cassidy, and Petula Clark, with Russell himself as the Narrator.
Gartland is a village in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the northwestern side of the river Namsen about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of the municipal center, Medjå. The village sits along the main European route E6 highway and the Nordlandsbanen railway line. Directly across the river are the farm areas of Elstad and Rosset. The main sources of income for residents of Gartland is agriculture, forestry, and salmon fishing during the summer. Gartland is a scarcely populated area of about fifteen farms. There is one store in the area which sells building materials. In earlier days, the village of Gartland had a general store, post office, school, and Gløshaug Church (the old church in northern Harran). Now only the church is still in use, situated on a hill above Gartland. The river Namsen is known for excellent salmon fishing. In the 1800s and 1900s, several Englishmen (some of those were noblemen) owned houses along the river at Gartland, where they lived during their stay in Grong. One was Thomas Merthyr Guest, a man of considerable wealth. He bought two Gartland farms and in 1873 the old Gløshaug Church. Grong municipality wanted to tear down the old church and build a new church for Harran, but instead Mr. Guest restored it. The new Harran Church was put up at Fiskum in the village of Harran. Mr. Guest's widow sold the church in 1908 to a local farmer who in turn in 1910 gave the church to the municipality.
Rodgersia pinnata is a species of flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae, native to the Sichuan and Yunnan provinces of China. It is a robust, herbaceous perennial growing to 120 cm (47 in) tall by 75 cm (30 in) broad, with textured palmate/pinnate leaves up to 90 cm (35 in) long, with 5-9 leaflets. 60 cm (24 in) erect panicles made up of tiny, star-shaped flowers, are borne on reddish green stems in summer. The flowers are white. Cultivars may have white, cream, pink or red flowers. Red cultivars include 'Fireworks'. R. pinnata is useful as an ornamental groundcover plant for the margins of streams or ponds. The cultivar 'Superba' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
The AXA Center (also known as 2020 University) is a 104.0 m tall skyscraper located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was built in 1974 and currently serves as the Headquarters for AXA Canada which consists of a number of subsidiaries of French-based insurance and banking company AXA. Other tenants include Posera Software Inc, T.E Wealth-Financial Consultant Ltd, a Dental Clinic and a law firm. It is located at 2020 University Street between De Maisonneuve Boulevard & President Kennedy Ave, in Downtown Montreal. The Building is directly connected to the McGill Station of the Montreal Metro's Green Line.
Compagnie Financière Richemont SA  is a Switzerland-based luxury goods holding company founded in 1988 by South African businessman Johann Rupert. Through its various subsidiaries, Richemont designs, manufactures, distributes and sells premium jewellery, watches, leather goods, writing instruments, firearms, clothing and accessories. Richemont is publicly traded as CFR on the SIX Swiss Exchange and the JSE Securities Exchange. The brands it owns include A. Lange & Söhne, Azzedine Alaïa, Baume & Mercier, Cartier, Chloé, Dunhill, IWC Schaffhausen, Giampiero Bodino, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Lancel, Montblanc, Officine Panerai, Piaget, Peter Millar, Purdey, Roger Dubuis, Shanghai Tang, Vacheron Constantin, and Van Cleef & Arpels. As of November 2012, Compagnie Financière Richemont SA is the sixth largest corporation by market capitalization in the Swiss Market Index. As of 2014, Richemont is the second-largest luxury goods company in the world after LVMH.
Koper (Slovene pronunciation: [ˈkoːpəɾ] ) (Italian: Capodistria) is a city in southwestern Slovenia, with the other Slovenian coastal towns Ankaran, Izola, Piran, and Portorož, situated along the country's 47-kilometre (29-mile) coastline, in the Istrian Region, approximately five kilometres (3.1 miles) from its border with Italy. Having a unique ecology and biodiversity, it is considered an important national natural resource. The city's Port of Koper is the major contributor to the economy of the eponymous city municipality. With only one percent of Slovenia having a coastline, the influence that the Port of Koper also has on tourism was a factor in Ankaran deciding to leave the municipality in a referendum in 2011 to establish its own. The city is a destination on a number of Mediterranean cruising lines. In 2016, the city expects 65 cruise ship arrivals (for example: Norwegian Spirit, MSC Magnifica, Norwegian Jade, MS Rhapsody of the Seas...) with the season spanning from March to December. Koper is the main urban centre of the Slovenian Istria, with a population of about 25,000. The city of Koper is officially bilingual, with both Slovene and Italian as official languages. Sights in Koper include the 15th-century Praetorian Palace and Loggia in Venetian Gothic style, the 12th-century Carmine Rotunda church, and the Cathedral of St Nazarius, with its 14th-century tower. Koper is also one of the main road entry points into Slovenia from Italy, which lies to the north of the municipality. The main motorway crossing is at Spodnje Škofije to the north of the city of Koper. The motorway continues into Rabuiese and Trieste. Koper also has a rail connection with the capital city, Ljubljana. On the coast, there is a crossing at Lazaret into Lazaretto in Muggia municipality in Trieste province. The Italian border crossing is known as San Bartolomeo.
Speak Up! It's So Dark (Swedish: Tala! Det är så mörkt) is a 1993 Swedish drama film directed by Suzanne Osten. At the 29th Guldbagge Awards, Simon Norrthon was nominated for the Best Actor award and Niklas Rådström was nominated for Best Screenplay.
Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hosein Abad) is a village in Ashna Khvor Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 236, in 53 families.
Ripe is the debut album by Slug, a Field Music Production led by former Field Music touring bassist Ian Black. The tracks 'Cockeyed Rabbit Wrapped In Plastic', 'Running To Get Past Your Heart' and 'Greasy Mind' were selected for radio promotion, with a video being produced for the latter. Ian Black describes the writing process for the album as a series of 'what-if' scenarios- \"What if we take a stoner metal riff and use it like a dub bass part....that was the idea. Let's add some 4 part harmonies some squelch bass, some hisses and triangle and you've got a peculiar, sinister song.\" He has cited horror movie soundtracks by Fabio Frizzi, Goblin, Lalo Schifrin, Andrzej Korzynski and John Carpenter as a major influence on his songwriting.
Interpol known in the USA as Pickup Alley is a 1957 British Warwick Films crime film shot in CinemaScope starring Victor Mature, Anita Ekberg, Trevor Howard, Bonar Colleano and Sid James. It concerns an Interpol effort to stamp out a major drug-smuggling cartel in numerous countries around the world. Victor Mature plays a US narcotics officer, with Trevor Howard as a drug baron. One reviewer described the film as a \"feeble thriller\", although it praised the performance of Howard.In the United States it was released as a double feature with The Brothers Rico.
Pir Deh (Persian: پيرده‎‎, also Romanized as Pīr Deh; also known as Pirdekh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 517, in 131 families.
Hot Cargo is a 1946 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Daniel Mainwaring. The film stars William Gargan, Jean Rogers, Phillip Reed, Larry Young, Harry Cording and Will Wright. The film was released on June 28, 1946, by Paramount Pictures.
Caprice is a 2015 French romantic comedy film written and directed by Emmanuel Mouret, and starring Mouret, Virginie Efira, Anaïs Demoustier and Laurent Stocker. It won the award for Best Film at the 2015 Cabourg Film Festival.
Wrzeszewo [vʐɛˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Brodnica and 52 km (32 mi) east of Toruń.
The Guardian is a 1990 American horror film co-written and directed by William Friedkin. It stars Jenny Seagrove as a mysterious nanny who is hired by new parents, played by Dwier Brown and Carey Lowell, to care for their infant son; the couple soon discovers the nanny to be a Hamadryad whose previous clients' children went missing under her care. It is based upon the novel The Nanny by American novelist Dan Greenburg. Director Sam Raimi was originally attached to the project before dropping out to direct Darkman instead. Heavily marketed as director Friedkin's first foray into the horror genre since 1973's The Exorcist, the film had a troubled production, with script undergoing numerous changes that continued well into the shooting process. The film was released in the spring of 1990, and was met with generally unfavorable critical reception, later making Roger Ebert's \"most hated films\" list. A cable television version of the film was credited to \"Alan Von Smithee\", indicating that Friedkin wished to disassociate himself from its release. Although a critical and commercial failure, the film later found an audience as a cult movie.
Global Underground 031: Dubfire, Taipei is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series, compiled and mixed by DJ and producer Ali \"Dubfire\" Shirazinia, one half of progressive house duo Deep Dish. Dubfire's release follows that of his Deep Dish collaborator, Sharam's solo mix, Global Underground 029: Dubai. Previously, Deep Dish have mixed Global Underground 021: Moscow and Global Underground 025: Toronto, along with Afterclub Mixes. With Taipei, Dubfire sought to make the album about more who he is, as opposed to Deep Dish. The album peaked at #16 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart.
The Oxford School of Drama is a drama school in the United Kingdom. It is the only professional drama school in Oxfordshire. It is based at Wootton, ten miles north of Oxford. The school is an independent, vocational drama school which runs a three-year acting course and a one-year acting course, both validated by Trinity College, London. It also runs six-month foundation courses in acting. Students on the three-year and one-year courses are eligible for funding from the Government's Dance and Drama Award Scheme and Advanced Learning Loans. The school is governed by a board of trustees, which includes Thelma Holt, Nina Raine, Nicholas Allott and Jeremy Sams.
Somewhat of an Anthology is a limited edition compact disc on the Dacoit label (catalog number 120101) that compiles material from throughout the Slickee Boys' career. With the exception of one live song, every cut on the CD had previously been released, albeit many of them on vinyl records pressed in small numbers (e.g. Separated Vegetables, the band's first long-player had an initial pressing of only 100 copies). This collection showcases the songwriting talents of the band's rotating membership over the years. It also includes cover versions of songs originally recorded by the Afrika Korps, Buddy Holly, and Alice Cooper. This album won the 2002 Rock Recording of the Year at the Wammies, the Washington Area Music Association's annual awards show.
Massey Hill Classical High School (MHCHS) is a high school in Fayetteville, Cumberland County, North Carolina. The main building of the Massey Hill Classical High School was built in 1925. It is a two-story brick building on a raised basement in the Classical Revival-style. What is now known as the Science Building was added in 1942 and eventually expanded to twelve classrooms. The gymnasium was constructed in 1947. In the past, the gymnasium has served as a community recreation center. It is still used by the Recreation Department for evening basketball. In the fall of 1972 the school became a junior high. In 1986 the school population changed once again as Massey Hill became the Alternative School for the county. Renovations to the building took place in the summer of 1998 in order that the school could serve as home to the first high school of choice in Cumberland County. Massey Hill Classical High School offers college bound courses in a structured learning environment. In December 2004 Massey Hill was entered in the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of the Interior.
Live in Concert is a live album by the Irish folk group Clannad which was released in 2005. It features new versions of material from across the band's catalogue as far back as their 1973 debut album. Songs originally released in their simplest acoustic form are now performed here with brand new full band arrangements. \"In A Lifetime\" features a duet with former Riverdance singer Brian Kennedy. An 11-minute medley of music from the Robin of Sherwood TV series features previously unreleased music. The album was compiled from concerts recorded during their 1996 European tour. The album was released as a free CD with the Irish Mail On Sunday newspaper on 17 October 2010, under the title \"The Collection\". The CD omitted \"Dance & Téidhir Abhaile Riú\" and edited the \"Robin of Sherwood Medley\" from 11:22 to 4:00.
The Best of Depeche Mode Volume 1 is a greatest hits album by English electronic band Depeche Mode, released on 8 November 2006 by Mute Records. The album consists of select Depeche Mode singles from their then-twenty-five-year career, as well as the previously unreleased track \"Martyr\"—recorded during the Playing the Angel sessions—which was released as a single in late October 2006. The album has sold over one million copies in Europe alone and has been awarded the IFPI Platinum Europe Award.
Goodbye Alice in Wonderland is the sixth studio album by singer-songwriter Jewel, released on May 2, 2006, through Atlantic Records. The album marks a return to her musical roots after 0304, and trying to write an autobiographical album like she did with Pieces of You. The album was written in the form of a novel with each track representing a chapter. Although the first official single was \"Again & Again\", the title track \"Goodbye Alice in Wonderland\" debuted a month earlier on her website as an Internet exclusive. The second single, \"Good Day\" was released to radio in late June 2006. The next single was \"Stephenville, TX\". A video for it can be seen on Yahoo! Launch. The album made its debut at #8 on the Billboard 200, with sales of 82,000 copies its first week, and became Jewel's fifth top 10 album in the United States. However, after only 12 weeks the album slid out of the Billboard 200. The album reappeared one week later after heavy promotion on various talk shows. It had sold 377,000 copies in the U.S. as of June 2010.Jewel stated she had plans to re-release the album, but her record company would not let her. However, they did allow her to release two singles in 2007.
Raziyan (Persian: رازيان‎‎, also Romanized as Rāzīyān) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 730, in 162 families.
I Bet on Sky is the tenth studio album by the alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr. It was announced on June 13, 2012 and was released on September 17 in Europe and September 18 in the US. \"Watch the Corners\" was given a music video and promoted via a free mp3.
Ranadheera Kanteerava (Kannada: ರಣಧೀರ ಕಂಠೀರವ) is a 1960 Kannada historical drama biographical film directed by the editor-turned-director N. C. Rajan and written by G. V. Iyer. It is one of the most popular films of acclaimed Kannada actor Rajkumar, who plays the role of an emperor Kanthirava Narasaraja I of the Wodeyar dynasty, Mysore who was fondly named as Ranadheera Kanteerava. The film depicts the life of Kanteerava, who is known for his immense physical strength through wrestling. The film also stars Udaykumar, Balakrishna, Leelavathi, Narasimharaju and Sandhya in the prominent roles. The film was released at a time during the severe crisis in the Kannada film industry due to the financial constraints. This film was produced through a co-operative forum called \"Kannada Chalanachitra Kalavidara Sangha\" formed by actors Rajkumar, Balakrishna, Narasimharaju and acclaimed writer G. V. Iyer. Thus this was the first venture where Rajkumar turned producer for the film. The film. post release suffered an initial hitch as no distributor came forward to screen the film. Later it was released in a single \"Bharath\" theater and found huge collections drawing. This film screened at IFFI 1992.
Szewele [ʂɛˈvɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
The H. S. Williams House was a historic U.S. home located at 1219 Rockledge Drive, Rockledge, Florida. Hiram Smith Williams built the house in 1880 after moving to the area in 1874 from Alabama. Williams grew citrus, founded Brevard Telephone Company, and served as a Florida state senator. The third floor of the home was used as a schoolroom for children, becoming one of the first schools in the county. Brevard County purchased the home in 1989 and restored it. In 2012, the Preservation and Education Trust from Rockledge was raising money to turn the house into a historic museum.
Calathea lancifolia (rattlesnake plant) is a species of flowering plant in the Marantaceae family, native to Brazil. Requiring a minimum temperature of 16 °C (61 °F), it is commonly used as a houseplant in temperate regions. It is an evergreen perennial, growing to 60–75 cm (24–30 in), with slender pale green leaves to 45 cm (18 in), heavily marked above with dark blotches, purple below.
The Makeover is singer Jody Watley's ninth studio album. Watley recruited a diverse group of contemporary dance and electronica producers for the project, among them King Britt, 4hero and DJ Spinna. The album's vintage aesthetic, which saw her take the old and remake it as new, was likely foretold in Watley's updating of her signature classic, \"Looking for a New Love\", in 2005. As per the title, The Makeover contained newly recorded (and remixed) versions of some of Watley's signature classics like \"Don't You Want Me\" and \"Friends\" (re-dubbed \"Friendz\"), as well as new material. Additionally, Watley paid tribute to musical influences like Diana Ross, Chic and Karen Carpenter on the covers \"Love Hangover\", \"I Want Your Love\" and a medley of the Carpenters' songs, respectively.
Patlekhet  is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1697 people living in 345 individual households.
Black Lives at the Golden Coast is the third full-length release from Los Angeles noise rock band The Icarus Line. Black Lives was also the second for major label V2 Records.
The Adventures of The Amazing Revelators is the second studio album by Australian blues-rock band The Revelators. The album was recorded in four days and released in March 2000. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2001, the album was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Blues and Roots Album losing to More Gravy by Collard Greens & Gravy. The album was released digitally on 28 April 2003.
Khargushabad (Persian: خرگوش اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Khargūshābād and Khargoosh Abad) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 817, in 202 families.
Trump Tower is a 58-story mixed-use skyscraper located on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Designed by Der Scutt of Poor, Swanke, Hayden & Connell and developed by Donald Trump and the Equitable Life Assurance Company (renamed the AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company in 2004), Trump Tower serves as the headquarters for The Trump Organization and houses the primary penthouse condominium residence of Donald Trump. The building broke ground in 1979, with the atrium, apartments, offices, and stores opening at a staggered schedule from February to November 1983.
Drenovets (Bulgarian: Дреновец) is a village in north-western Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Ruzhintsi, Vidin Province. As of December 2013 the village has a population of 1302.
Bogdałów-Kolonia [bɔɡˈdawuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Brudzew, 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Turek, and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 80.
Cinestill Film creates photographic film for still cameras from Kodak's motion picture cinema film. Cinestill Film uses a modified version of Kodak motion picture cinema film, allowing it to be developed with the C-41 process rather than the Eastman Color Negative process. Beta testing of Cinestill Film's \"800Tungsten Xpro C-41\" began in late 2012, the film is based on Kodak's \"Vision 3 5219\" motion picture cinema film. Although the \"Vision 3 5219\" film is normally rated for 500ISO, the conversion to C-41 processing allows the film to be rated at 800ISO. Cinestill Film converts the Kodak motion picture cinema film by removing the Remjet backing, a separate Anti-halation backing used to protect the film in motion picture cameras. Due to the removal of this anti-halation backing, Cinestill Film exhibits a glowing effect on the image in areas with strong highlights. In addition to their first product \"800Tungsten Xpro C-41\", Cinestill Film also produces \"50Daylight Xpro C-41\" from Kodak's \"Vision3 50D\" motion picture cinema film as 135 film.
Graveyard is the debut studio album by Swedish hard rock band Graveyard, released on September 10, 2007 by Swedish label Transubstans Records and February 19, 2008 on American label TeePee Records. The album received good reviews and critical acclaim.
Who Says You Can't? is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Koch Records on October 17, 2006. \"Dixie Beauxderaunt,\" \"For the Music,\" \"Love Is Fine,\" \"In the Nicest Way\" and \"Hey What You Know\" were released as singles.
Korowa Anglican Girls' School is an independent, Anglican, day school for girls, located in Glen Iris, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Established in Malvern in 1890, Korowa is a non-selective school and currently caters for approximately 700 students, ranging from the Early Learning Centre (three- and four-year-olds) to Year 12s completing the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE). The school is a member of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA), the Independent Primary School Heads of Australia (IPHSA), the Association of Independent Schools of Victoria (AISV), the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia (AGSA), and a founding member of Girls Sport Victoria (GSV).
Shahrak-e Shahid Daktar Beheshti (Persian: شهرك شهيددكتربهشتي‎‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Daktar Beheshtī ; also known as Shahrak-e Shahīd Beheshtī and Shahran) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, Bala Velayat District, Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,597, in 345 families.
Rankin High School is a public high school located in Rankin, Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Rankin Independent School District located in southeastern Upton County. In 2015, the school was rated \"Improvement Required\" by the Texas Education Agency.
Dylewo [dɨˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kadzidło, 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka, and 113 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw. The village has a population of 1,352.
NopSec is a provider of vulnerability management through its SaaS product, Unified VRM and penetration testing services. Founded in 2011 by Michelangelo Sidagni, NopSec was named in CRN Magazine's list of Emerging Security Vendors from 2012 to 2016  and was named as one of the 20 Most Promising Enterprise Security Companies of 2015 by CIO Review. Today, NopSec’s customer base spans many industries including financial, healthcare, government, education and oil and gas.
Wakefield Girls' High School (WGHS) is an independent school in Wakefield, England established in 1878 in Wentworth House, its current location. The school has grown from 59 pupils when it first began to nearly 750 in the present day (2007).
Abacus Federal Savings Bank (國寶銀行) is a bank in the United States founded in December 1984 by a group of business leaders from the Chinese American community in New York City. The founders' original purpose was to provide banking services to immigrants and local residents of lower Manhattan. As the Chinese immigrant population grew in the 1980s and 1990s, the bank retained its original mission, but expanded its size and scope. It now has six branches covering New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Besides the traditional banking services, it also offers insurance and securities through its subsidiaries. Abacus is federally chartered. Its mortgage and other services extend to all states in the United States. Abacus has a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, the Abacus Insurance Agency Corp. (AIAC), which provides life, health, accident and annuity insurance. In May 2012, New York prosecutors indicted the bank and 19 of its employees on charges of fraud in relation to hundreds of millions of dollars worth of mortgages that had been sold to Fannie Mae between 2005 and 2010. The bank was accused of falsifying loan applications so that borrowers would qualify for mortgages. Abacus has said that it uncovered the improper behavior itself, reported it to the regulator, and fired the employee in question. It also said it was not involved with the fraudulent packaging of subprime mortgage securities and had a mortgage default rate of 0.5%, a tenth of the national average. The reasonableness of the prosecution, in light of the treatment received by large banks, has been questioned by media outlets. The Bank, along with its former Chief Credit Officer and its former loan supervisor, were acquitted of all charges brought by the New York prosecutors in a jury trial in New York Supreme Court on June 3 and 4, 2015. On September 9, 2015, the Court, at the recommendation of the New York prosecutors themselves, dismissed all of the charges against the remaining defendants, due to lack of evidence. The story is told in Steve James' feature-length documentary Abacus: Small Enough to Jail, which had its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival, September 11, 2016.
Question Bedtime is the sixth studio album from nerdcore hip hop artist MC Frontalot. It was released on August 26, 2014. The first single, \"Much Chubbier\", is available for free from the official website.
It's All on U, Vol. 2 is the fourth studio album by American rapper B.G., released on November 11, 1997, on Cash Money Records. It's All on U, Vol. 1, is his previous album. All tracks from It's All on U, Vol. 2 were produced and contributed by Cash Money in-house producer Mannie Fresh. The album debuted at #184 on the Billboard 200 chart, #14 on the Billboard Heatseekers Album Chart, and #20 on the The Top R&B Albums Chart. This Album was Re-Released in 1999 when Cash Money Signed a Pressing and Distribution Deal With Universal Records in 1998.
(For other uses, see Deceiver.) The Deceivers is a 1988 adventure film directed by Nicholas Meyer, starring Pierce Brosnan and Saeed Jaffrey. The film is based on the 1952 John Masters novel of the same name.
Stand by Your Van is a retrospective compilation live album by the band Sublime. Tracks 1 to 11 were recorded live at Kommotion, San Francisco, on the 9th of September, 1994. Track 12 was recorded live at The Tressel Tavern, Everett, WA in November 1994. Tracks 13 and 14 were recorded on the Warped Tour at Asbury Park, NJ in August, 1995. Track 15 was recorded at The Palace, Hollywood in October, 1995. Track 16 was recorded at The House Of Blues, Hollywood in April 1996. Lead singer and guitarist Bradley Nowell died less than two months later on tour.
Gori (Georgian: გორი [ɡɔri]) is a city in eastern Georgia, which serves as the regional capital of Shida Kartli and the centre of the homonymous administrative district. The name is from Georgian gora (გორა), that is, \"heap\", or \"hill\". Gori was an important military stronghold in the Middle Ages and maintains a strategic importance due to its location on the principal highway connecting eastern and western parts of Georgia. In the course of its history, Gori has been invaded by the armies of regional powers several times. The city was occupied by Russian troops during the 2008 Russia–Georgia war. Gori is also known as the birthplace of the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin, ballistic missile designer Alexander Nadiradze and philosopher Merab Mamardashvili.
Szpaki [ˈʂpakʲi] (Ukrainian: Шпаки, Shpaky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wyszki, 16 km (10 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski, and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
Darvin Edwards (born 11 September 1986) is a Saint Lucian competitor in men's High Jump. Darvin was born in Castries. Darvin holds the St Lucia National Record for men's High Jump. His career best mark of 2.31m, in Daegu, South Korea at the 2011 IAAF World Championships in Athletics is also the record for the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States.
Empty Saddles is a 1936 American film directed by Lesley Selander. It is a Buck Jones B Western. (Empty Saddles is also the title of a 1962 Burt Arthur mystery novel.)
Paphiopedilum spicerianum is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is said to be endemic to Assam (India) but might actually be rather widespread, though nowhere common, between Bhutan and northwestern Myanmar.
The Magic Top Hat (German:Der Glückszylinder) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Rudolf Bernauer and starring Charlotte Ander, Felix Bressart and Oskar Sima. The film's art direction was by Alfred Junge.
Sands of Time is a 2010 album by the Japanese rock band Nothing's Carved in Stone released on June 9, 2010. It reached No. 14 on the Japanese Oricon album charts.
Our Last Days as Children (formally titled Ghost In The Machine) is a film slated to start production in Rhode Island, July/August, 2011. Not much is known about the project, but the blog on the film's former website quotes John Stuart Mill; which indicates that the themes involve Personal Liberty, Identity and Privacy. The film is being produced by Two Sisters' Productions Inc. and being directed by Diane St. Laurent. The script was written by Raz Cunningham. The production plans on working closely with the Rhode Island Film Collaborative and other local outlets, including Kay Studios.
Soribada (Korean: 소리바다) was the first Korean peer-to-peer file-sharing service, launched in 2000 by Sean Yang as a Napster clone. The name 'Soribada' means \"Ocean of Sound\" or \"Receiving (downloading) Sound\". It was closed in 2002 by court order but continued to be distributed with a stipulation that its users were responsible for any of the files downloaded.On November 5, 2003, Soribada was relaunched as and in July 2004, the website was renewed as a P2P search portal with a paid MP3 service in December 2004. It remains the most widely used P2P system in Korea. The most recent version of Soribada is Soribada 6, which is downloadable on their website.
Colorado Group Limited was an Australian public company that operates a number of retail clothing chains. Major brands include Colorado Adventurewear, Mathers, Williams the Shoemen, JAG, Diana Ferrari, and Pairs. The company is based in Brisbane, Queensland with an office in Cremorne, Victoria. The history of the company dates back over 140 years to the 1864 founding of Williams in Ballarat, Victoria. In 2011, the company became known as Fusion Retail Brands. As of June 2011 Colorado has 434 stores in Australia and New Zealand, and employs 3800 people. It owes around A$400 Million to 18 financiers. Colorado Group Limited was de-listed from the Australian Securities Exchange  (ASX) on 15 August 2007 following the issue by ARH Investments (Australia) Pty Limited of compulsory acquisition notices on 3 July 2007. The Colorado clothing retail group went into receivership on 30 March 2011. Insolvency accounting specialists Ferrier Hodgson were placed in charge of the group. Colorado was owned by Affinity Equity Partners. In June 2011 it was announced that the clothing chain was to \"shut its doors\" at the cost of 1,042 jobs. In Australia 100 underperforming Colorado stores will shut, 21 Williams stores, 7 Mathers stores, 2 JAG stores and one Diana Ferrari store. In New South wales 42 stores will close, and in Victoria 27 will close. 9 Colorado Stores in New Zealand will also close. Colorado will cease selling its clothing lines, returning to its beginning as a shoe brand which will be sold through the company's Mathers and Williams the Shoemen stores, and online.
Waterfront is a 1939 action–crime drama film directed by Terry O. Morse. It was adapted from the play Blind Spot by Kenyon Nicholson. It is preserved at the Library of Congress and produced & released by Warner Brothers.  Waterfront stars Gloria Dickson, Dennis Morgan, and Marie Wilson.
The Star of Bethlehem is a 1912 American silent historical drama film produced by Edwin Thanhouser and Charles J. Hite, and featuring Florence La Badie, James Cruze, and William Russell. The film is a retelling of Biblical events preceding the Nativity of Jesus. Directed by Lawrence Marston, the entire film is staged as brief tableaux. With much of the original lost (only 15 minutes survive), the existing footage can be difficult to interpret as a coherent whole.
Garmianak (Persian: گرميانك‎‎, also Romanized as Garmīānak and Garmeyānak; also known as Garmīāneh, Qal‘a Garmianeh, and Qal‘eh Garmiānek) is a village in Shizar Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 69 families.
Peter H. Duesberg (born December 2, 1936) is a German American molecular biologist and a professor of molecular and cell biology at the University of California, Berkeley. He is known for his early research into genetic aspects of cancer, and more recently for his central role in the AIDS denialism movement as a proponent of the belief that HIV is harmless and does not cause AIDS. Duesberg received acclaim early in his career for research on oncogenes and cancer. With Peter K. Vogt, he reported in 1970 that a cancer-causing virus of birds had extra genetic material compared with non-cancer-causing viruses, hypothesizing that this material contributed to cancer. At the age of 36, Duesberg was awarded tenure at the University of California, Berkeley, and at 49 he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. He received an Outstanding Investigator Grant (OIG) from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 1986, and from 1986 to 1987 was a Fogarty Scholar-in-Residence at the NIH laboratories in Bethesda, Maryland. Long considered a contrarian by his scientific colleagues, Duesberg began to gain public notoriety with a March 1987 article in Cancer Research entitled \"Retroviruses as Carcinogens and Pathogens: Expectations and Reality\". In this and subsequent writings, Duesberg proposed his hypothesis that AIDS is caused by long-term consumption of recreational drugs or antiretroviral drugs, and that HIV is a harmless passenger virus. In contrast, the scientific consensus is that HIV infection causes AIDS; Duesberg's HIV/AIDS claims have been addressed and rejected as erroneous by the scientific community. Reviews of his opinions in Nature and Science asserted that they were unpersuasive and based on selective reading of the literature, and that although Duesberg had a right to a dissenting opinion, his failure to fairly review evidence that HIV causes AIDS meant that his opinion lacked credibility. Duesberg's views are cited as major influences on South African HIV/AIDS policy under the administration of Thabo Mbeki, which embraced AIDS denialism. Duesberg served on an advisory panel to Mbeki, convened in 2000. The Mbeki administration's failure to provide antiretroviral drugs in a timely manner, due in part to the influence of AIDS denialism, is thought to be responsible for hundreds of thousands of preventable AIDS deaths and HIV infections in South Africa. Duesberg disputed these findings in an article in the journal Medical Hypotheses, but the journal's publisher, Elsevier, later retracted Duesberg's article over accuracy and ethics concerns as well as its rejection during peer review. The incident prompted several complaints to Duesberg's institution, the University of California, Berkeley, which began a misconduct investigation of Duesberg in 2009. The investigation was dropped in 2010, with University officials finding \"insufficient evidence...to support a recommendation for disciplinary action.\"
Crisis (Swedish: Kris) is a 1946 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman. The film was Bergman's first feature as director and he also wrote the screenplay, based on the Danish radio play Moderhjertet (translated as The Mother Animal, A Mother's Heart, The Mother Creature, and The Maternal Instinct) by Leck Fischer. The story follows a young girl living a quiet life in a small town with her foster mother. Nelly is an innocent 18-year-old becoming increasingly aware of the effect that her beauty has on the men of her little Swedish village. Ingeborg is a respectably dour woman who teaches piano to village youth and has undoubtedly sacrificed much for the sake of her foster daughter. As Nelly is on the verge of womanhood and Ingeborg is in failing health, Miss Jenny returns in her fancy hat, painted nails and trampy air of sophistication, to take her long-abandoned daughter away with her to sample the indulgent fruits of urban life. Jenny has had a rough past, involving prostitution and other scandals, but now owns a beauty salon that’s afforded her a few comforts in life, material and otherwise. Among them is a dapper mustachioed gentleman acquaintance named Jack, who follows Jenny to the village as an uninvited guest. Jenny’s purpose in visiting Nelly was to meet up with her at a charity ball, and when Jack learns about the festivities planned for that night, he’s more than happy to inject more liveliness into the affair than the village elders had in mind.
The Old Garden (Hangul: 오래된 정원) is a 2006 South Korean film, based on the best-selling novel of the same name by the author Hwang Sok-yong. It was written and directed by Im Sang-soo and starred Ji Jin-hee, Yum Jung-ah, and Youn Yuh-jung. The plot of the film involves a couple during the turbulent political landscape in early 1980s South Korea, and the events surrounding the Gwangju Massacre.
Joseph François Bossert (30 November 1851 – 21 June 1906) was a French astronomer. Bossert began study at age fifteen at the Paris Observatory. He calculated the orbits of asteroids and comets. He was the main author of 3 star catalogues: Catalogue de 3950 étoiles dont les coordononnés moyennes sont ramenées à l'équinoxe de 1800,0 (1892); Catalogue des movements propres de 2641 étoiles (1895); Catalogue des étoiles brillantes destiné aux astronomes, voyaguers, ingénieurs et marins (1906). He was also one of the main contributors to the Astrographic Catalogue project initiated by Mouchez in 1887. Bossert won the Lalande Prize of the French Academy of Sciences in 1888 and the Valz Prize in 1896.
Naturally is the fifth album by American rock band Three Dog Night, released in 1970. It produced two top ten hits: \"Joy to the World\" (#1 in February) and \"Liar\" (#7). \"One Man Band\" reached the top 20 (#19). The only original by the band is the instrumental \"Fire Eater\".
Paeonia mairei is a species of peony, that is endemic to the mountains of central China. Its vernacular name in China is 美丽芍药 (mei li shao yao) meaning \"beautiful peony\". The plant may be between 45-100 cm high and has mostly rose-pink flowers of about 10 cm across, one on each stem. P. mairei blooms in early spring.
Tolombeh-ye Hasht Amari (Persian: تلمبه هشت عامري‎‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Hasht ʿĀmarī) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
IQAir is a company that specializes in technology solutions that help protect people from airborne pollutants. IQAir implements this technology in residential, commercial and public buildings. IQAir has received numerous awards and recognitions for its room air purifiers and air filters. IQAir also engages in international projects that create ultra-clean living and working environments. IQAir's vision is to \"assist people in living longer, healthier and more productive lives by helping them breathe the cleanest, healthiest air possible.\"
Ismael Alonso Garrote (born 15 March 1980) is a Spanish male weightlifter, competing in the 94 kg category and representing Spain at international competitions. He competed at world championships, most recently at the 2002 World Weightlifting Championships.
Garvergården (lit. \"The Tanner's House\") is a half-timbered building complex from circa 1600 situated in Vestergade in Køge, Denmark. Owned by shoemakers and tanner for almost 200 years, from 1732, until the early 1920s, it bears testament to a time when Køge was a centre for shoemaking and tanning. The building fronting the street and a side wing on its rear are listed.
Tomorrow Focus AG, which has its registered office in Munich, Germany, is an exchange-listed internet group and one of the leading providers of digital media content in Germany. Its principal shareholder is Hubert Burda Media. TOMORROW FOCUS AG was created at the end of 2001 by the merger of Focus Digital AG and Tomorrow Internet AG. The company’s Management Board comprises Toon Bouten (Chief Executive Officer), Dirk Schmelzer (Chief Financial Officer) and Christoph Schuh. Revenue amounted to EUR 188.6 million in 2013 (2012: 149.1 million). Earnings before tax (EBT) amounted from EUR 12.5 million to 15.6 million.
Eremophila perglandulosa is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Western Australia. It is a low, spreading shrub which has small leaves with many glandular hairs and mauve or purple flowers.
Yough Senior High School is a high school located in the southeastern region of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, USA (Parents of Students/Staff/Educators). The school is operated by the Yough School District. Students attend from the townships of Sewickley Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania and South Huntingdon. Yough High School has graduating class sizes from 180-200.
Wu Jiaxin (simplified Chinese: 吴嘉欣; traditional Chinese: 吳嘉欣; pinyin: Wú Jiāxīn, born 28 February 1997) is a female Chinese recurve archer from Shanghai. She competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark and represented China at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
John Henry Manley (July 21, 1907 – June 11, 1990) was an American physicist who worked with J. Robert Oppenheimer at the University of California, Berkeley before becoming a group leader during the Manhattan Project. He was born in 1907 in Harvard, Illinois. He graduated with a BS from the University of Illinois in 1929 and received his PhD in physics from the University of Michigan 1934. He was a lecturer Columbia University and later professor at the University of Illinois from 1937 to 1942. He married Kathleen, and had two daughters: Kim Manley of Los Alamos, New Mexico; and Kathleen Manley of Greeley, Colorado By the time World War II broke out, Manley was at the University of Chicago's Metallurgical Laboratory. In 1942, his friend and colleague, J. Robert Oppenheimer, held a meeting with several leading theorists at UC Berkeley. The topic of the meeting: develop preliminary plans to design and build a nuclear weapon. Manley, one the attendees, was tasked with learning more about the properties of fast neutrons. Less than a year later, the center of the project had shifted to the Los Alamos National Laboratory. On April 4, 1943, Manley arrived at the laboratory. Manley spent his first days in Los Alamos working with other newcomers on the construction of laboratory buildings. He also installed a Cockcroft–Walton generator, which he had brought with him from Urbana. Throughout the war Manley served as one of Oppenheimer's principal aides, with particular responsibility for laboratory management. After the war, Manley left Los Alamos to serve as executive secretary of the general advisory committee for the Atomic Energy Commission, a federal agency charged with managing the nation's atomic assets. After leaving the AEC, he returned the Los Alamos as assistant director for research. From 1951 to 1957, Manley taught physics at the University of Washington. He retired in 1974, and died in 1990 in Los Alamos at age 82.
Ethulia is a genus of Asian and African flowering plants in the daisy family. Species 1.  \n*  Ethulia acuminata M.G.Gilbert  2.  \n*  Ethulia angustifolia Bojer ex DC.  3.  \n*  Ethulia bicostata M.G.Gilbert  4.  \n*  Ethulia burundiensis M.G.Gilbert & C.Jeffrey  5.  \n*  Ethulia conyzoides L.f.  6.  \n*  Ethulia faulknerae C.Jeffrey  7.  \n*  Ethulia gracilis Del.  8.  \n*  Ethulia greenwayi M.G.Gilbert  9.  \n*  Ethulia luzonica M.G.Gilbert  10.  \n*  Ethulia megacephala Sch.Bip. ex Miq.  11.  \n*  Ethulia ngorongoroensis M.G.Gilbert  12.  \n*  Ethulia paucifructa M.G.Gilbert  13.  \n*  Ethulia rhizomata M.G.Gilbert  14.  \n*  Ethulia ruhudjiensis M.G.Gilbert  15.  \n*  Ethulia scheffleri S.Moore  16.  \n*  Ethulia triflora J.Kost.  17.  \n*  Ethulia vernonioides (Schweinf.) M.G.Gilbert
Pearson Yachts was a manufacturer of fiberglass sailboats in service from 1958 until 1990. Pearson Yachts was founded by cousins Clinton and Everett Pearson in a small garage located in Seekonk, MA in 1956. The company was one of the earliest fiberglass sailboat manufacturers. They sustained tremendous growth through the 1960s and 1970s, producing a wide range of sailboats, most of which were designed by Bill Shaw. After changing ownership throughout the 1980s, Pearson Yachts was sold in the bankruptcy of Grumman Allied Industries in 1991. At that time, TPI purchased the rights to the Pearson Yachts name. USWatercraft, formerly known as the Pearson Marine Group, currently holds the rights to the name.
Miconia ledifolia is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Qaleh-ye Akbarabad (Persian: قلعه اکبر آباد‎‎, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Akbarābād) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families.
Terraplane is the sixteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Steve Earle. It was released on February 17, 2015 via New West Records. The album sold 11,200 copies in its first week of release, debuting at number 39 on the Billboard 200.
Singles Collection: 2008-2011 is a box set by American rock band The Gaslight Anthem which was released on June 18, 2013. The box set contains nine black vinyl 7\" singles packaged in a wooden box and feature the band's singles from 2008-2011 along with live recordings, acoustic sessions and B-sides. The box set was limited to only 2,500 copies.
Hostage Calm is the second studio album by Connecticut rock band Hostage Calm. It was recorded at Silver Bullet Studios in Burlington, Connecticut and produced by Greg Thomas. This album is the last release to feature drummer Brett Pieper and first to feature guitarist Nick Balzano. On October 12, 2011 a music video was released for the single, \"Rebel Fatigues.\"
The Albert S. Sholes House, located in Cornelius, Oregon, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Built in 1909, the bungalow was designed by Richard Martin Jr. for banker Albert Sholes.
Chrysanthemums (/krɪˈsænθəməm/), sometimes called mums or chrysanths, are flowering plants of the genus Chrysanthemum in the family Asteraceae. They are native to Asia and northeastern Europe. Most species originate from East Asia and the center of diversity is in China. There are countless horticultural varieties and cultivars.
Shah Bodaghlu (Persian: شاه بداغلو‎‎, also Romanized as Shāh Bodāghlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 21 families.
The Accountant is a 2016 American action thriller film directed by Gavin O'Connor, written by Bill Dubuque and starring Ben Affleck, Anna Kendrick, J. K. Simmons, Jon Bernthal, Jeffrey Tambor and John Lithgow. The film follows an autistic, small-town certified public accountant who makes his living uncooking the books of dangerous criminal organizations that are experiencing internal embezzlement. The film premiered in Los Angeles on October 10, 2016, and was theatrically released in the United States on October 14, 2016 by Warner Bros. Pictures. It received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed $33 million.
Hygeia House is a historic vacation home on Beach Avenue on Block Island (New Shoreham, Rhode Island). It is a 2-3 story wood frame structure, four bays wide, with a mansard roof. The building presents 2-1/2 stories to the front, with a row of four dormers in the roof, and a porch extending the full width of the front, and wrapping around to the right to join a projecting section of the main block. The hotel was built in 1885, and operated as the Seaside House at a location about 150 yards (140 m) south of its present location. It was moved here in 1907, to what were then the grounds of the Hygeia Hotel, a much larger hotel which burned down in 1916. The Hygeia's owner, Dr. John Champlin, had his medical office in this building, and continued to rent rooms to summer visitors. It was used as employee housing for other tourist facilities for many years. The Hygeia has been renovated, changed hands and is being offered now as a entire vacation home available in single week blocks. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
HH-Ferries  was a shipping company which trafficked the busy Helsingør - Helsingborg route (hence the name) during the later part of the 1990s and during most of the 2000s (decade). It merged with Scandlines around 2010.
Rough Night in Jericho is the second album by Athens, Georgia, rock band Dreams So Real. Their first album for Arista Records, it was released in 1988. It reached #150 on the Billboard album charts, and the title track reached #28 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. The album and its title track share a name with the Dean Martin Western movie Rough Night in Jericho. There appears to be no other connection to the movie.
Shuangyashan (Chinese: 双鸭山; pinyin: Shuāngyāshān) is a coal mining prefecture-level city located in the eastern part Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China, bordering Russia's Khabarovsk and Primorsky krais to the east. The city's name means a pair-of-ducks mountains and refers to two peaks northeast of the city. In 2007 it had a GDP of RMB 20.6 billion with a 14.2% growth rate.
Ablakh is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
Qarah Suy (Persian: قره سوي‎‎, also Romanized as Qarah Sūy; also known as Qarah Sū and Qareh Sū) is a village in Chelevand Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,524, in 351 families.
Dai Nippon Printing (大日本印刷 Dai Nippon Insatsu), established in 1876, is a Japanese printing company. The company operates its printing in three areas; Information Communications, Lifestyle and Industrial Supplies, and Electronics. It is involved in a wide variety of printing processes, ranging from magazines through to shadow masks for the production of displays, as well as out-coupling enhancement structures for LCD displays and scattering for display backlights. The company has more than 35,000 employees.
Icon Health & Fitness, Inc. (styled ICON Health & Fitness) is an exercise equipment manufacturer and marketer based in Logan, Utah, United States. The company hold more than 250 patents.
Daughter of the Party (党的女儿) is a 1958 Chinese film directed by Lin Nong and produced by Changchun Film Studio. The film tells the story of three young women in their struggle to establish a Chinese Communist Party cell. The film spawned a number of variant settings include a Chinese-language western-style opera True Daughter of the Party (also 1958), and a play (1959), and a TV series (2011). The film is to be distinguished from the North Korean play A True Daughter of the Party.
David Mejía Hernández (born December 7, 1986 in Toluca) is a Mexican race walker. He set his personal best time of 1:22:36, by finishing third in the men's 20 km at the 2011 IAAF Race Walking Challenge in Chihuahua, Mexico. Mejia represented Mexico at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed in the men's 20 km race walk, along with his compatriot Eder Sánchez. He successfully finished the race in thirty-sixth place by eight seconds ahead of Italy's Jean-Jacques Nkouloukidi, with a time of 1:26:45.
Wilczyska [vilˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobowa, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bobowa, 17 km (11 mi) west of Gorlice, and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków. The village has a population of 860.
Portsmouth High School (PHS) is a public high school in Portsmouth, Ohio, United States. The school's athletic teams are known as the Trojans and the school colors are red and blue. PHS has served the city since its founding in the 1830s and is the only public high school in Portsmouth. In 2000, Portsmouth voters passed a much needed school bond issue, which helped construct new schools for the district. The new schools opened for the 2006-2007 school year. These schools won the Grand Prize from School Planning & Management's 2007 Education Design Showcase. The award is awarded annually to the K-12 school that displays \"excellence in design and functional planning directed toward meeting the needs of the educational program.\" In addition, the school system finished building a $10 million athletic complex in 2009. It includes a new football field, baseball field, softball field, and track.
Buków [ˈbukuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Haczów, 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Brzozów, and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of around 300 people.
Robin Elizabeth Goad (born January 17, 1970 in Newnan, Georgia), also known as Robin Byrd-Goad, is a retired female Olympic weightlifter from the United States, who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She won the bronze medal in the women's – 53 kg division at the 1998 World Weightlifting Championships in Lahti. Goad competed in the first Women's World Championships in 1987 at age seventeen and was the only female Olympian to compete in the 2000 Olympics who was also present at that first women's Worlds. She currently teaches Physical Education at an elementary school.
Żulin [ˈʐulin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Stoczek, 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Węgrów, and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād; also known as Bandar-e-Heydar Ābād, Geidarābād, Haidarābād, and Haiderabad) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Olga Viktorovna Khrzhanovskaya (Russian: Ольга Викторовна Хржановская, née Chukanova (Russian: Чуканова) (born 9 June 1980 in Temirtau) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. She currently plays for Universitet Belgorod.
Haemanthus coccineus, the blood flower, blood lily or paintbrush lily, is a bulbous geophyte in the genus Haemanthus, native to Southern Africa. The generic name Haemanthus is derived from the Greek words haima for blood and anthos for flower; coccineus is the Latin word for red or scarlet. In the Afrikaans language it is known as bergajuin, bloedblom, and many other vernacular names.
Volim te... (English: I Love You...) is the third studio album by Montenegrin dance-pop recording artist Dado Polumenta. It was released 15 June 2007 through the record label Gold Music.
Sokole Pole [sɔˈkɔlɛ ˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Janów, 32 km (20 mi) east of Częstochowa, and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 118.
Lupinus lapidicola is a rare species of lupine known by the common name Mt. Eddy lupine. It is endemic to California, where it is known from only a few locations in the northernmost mountain ranges, including Mount Eddy in the Klamath Mountains. It is a small, compact perennial herb forming mats no more than 10 centimetres (3.9 in) tall. Each palmate leaf is divided into 6 to 8 leaflets up to 2 centimetres (0.79 in) long. The herbage is coated in silvery silky hairs. The inflorescence is a small bundle of flower whorls, each flower about a centimeter long and purple in color with a yellowish patch on its banner.
Highgrove is an 18-story luxury high-rise in Stamford, Connecticut. Designed by Robert A.M. Stern, the Dean of Architecture at Yale University, Highgrove consists of 92 residences. Highgrove is located on Forest and Grove Street in Downtown Stamford.
Dizaj-e Batchi (Persian: ديزج بطچي‎‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Baţchī; also known as Dīzaj, Dīzaj-e Pasak, Dīzaj Pasak, and Dīzeh) is a village in Firuraq Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173, in 46 families.
Liberty Charter High School is located in the city of Lemon Grove, in the Greater San Diego area of San Diego County, California. It is sponsored by, but not a member of, the Grossmont Union High School District. It opened to freshman students in August 2008 and added a new class each school year. It is the first start-up charter school in San Diego County and will eventually hold over 450 students. A new campus was scheduled to be constructed in Santee, California, but after the recession started, the campus construction was put on hold due to lack of financing. During the 2009-2010 school year, Liberty was on the campus of its parent school, Literacy First Charter School. Liberty consisted of freshmen and sophomore's. The high school is part of a K-12 program that is run by the non-profit Literacy First inc. K-8 classes are located at three locations in nearby El Cajon, California. During the summer of 2010, one of the K-8 campuses was moved to El Cajon and became Liberty Academy. Its name changed from Liberty Charter School. Liberty High is the only school under Literacy First Charter School Inc. to be a Liberty Charter school.
Sad Gol (Persian: صدگل‎‎, also Romanized as Şad Gol, Sad Gul, and Şad Kol) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 28 families.
VFS Global is an outsourcing and technology services specialist for governments and diplomatic missions worldwide. The company manages visa and passport issuance-related administrative and non-judgmental tasks for its client governments. VFS Global’s offices and operations across the world are certified with ISO 9001:2008 for Quality Management System, ISO 27001:20013 for Information Security Management System and ISO 14001:2004 for Environmental Management System.VFS Global is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Kuoni Group, a public-listed company headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland. The shareholding or governance structure of VFS Global has not been made public.
Cham Tuyileh (Persian: چم طويله‎‎, also Romanized as Cham Ţūyīleh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Wincentów [vinˈt͡sɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Puszcza Mariańska, 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Żyrardów, and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
Sydney Secondary College Leichhardt Campus is a coeducational, partially academically selective junior high school, located in the inner-city Sydney suburb of Leichhardt, in the Australian state of New South Wales. Together with the senior school at the Blackwattle Bay Campus and the other junior school at Balmain Campus, the school is part of the Sydney Secondary College.
Azmanabad (Persian: ازمن اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Āzmanābād; also known as Ḩamzarābād) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,462, in 248 families.
Left Behind is a 2014 American Christian apocalyptic thriller film directed by Vic Armstrong and written by Paul LaLonde and John Patus. Based on the novel of the same name written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins, and starring Nicolas Cage, Chad Michael Murray, Cassi Thomson, Nicky Whelan, and Jordin Sparks, the film was released to theaters on October 3, 2014, and was universally panned by critics.
Sabzabad (Persian: سبزاباد‎‎, also Romanized as Sabzābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Khabab (Arabic: خبب‎‎, Syriac: ܟܚܐܒܐܒ, Khababb) is a town located in southern Syria in the Hauran plain, part of the Daraa Governorate, 57 km (~36 miles) south of Damascus and about the same distance from the city of Daraa. The old name of the town is Abiba, which in Aramaic and Syriac means a plain green grass.
The Adult High School is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board high school for adults in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It is the only regular high school entirely for adults in the province of Ontario. Current enrollment is some 1200 students. It is located at 300 Rochester St. southwest of downtown in the Little Italy neighbourhood. The adult education program was founded in 1983. In 1983 it was located in the complex of the Ottawa High School of Commerce at 300 Rochester St. Over time enrolment in the High School of Commerce gradually decreased and the adult programme expanded until in 1990 the Commerce school was closed and the Adult High School took over the entire structure. Legally it is a regular high school, and follows the standard Province of Ontario curriculum. Students are full-time and attend teacher-led classes from September to June. Students at AHS must be over eighteen years of age and have been out of high school for one year. The school offers specialized teaching for older students, and has programs for those with mental or physical disabilities. It also has English as a Second Language programs as many students are immigrants whose high school diplomas are not recognized in Canada. In 2001, 45% of the school's students had a language other than English as a first language. The school also operates a full service day care for students with children. The school has had considerable success in giving its students the necessary skills to find employment.
Ustok [ˈustɔk] (German: Heinrichsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Drawsko Pomorskie and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 18.
Spark Unlimited, based in Sherman Oaks, California was a video game developer founded by former developers from the Medal of Honor PC and console franchise. They were most known for the Call of Duty: Finest Hour console game. The studio finished working on the first-person shooter Legendary using the Unreal Engine 3 for Gamecock Media Group. The company was wholly owned by employees.
Saurauia crassisepala is a species of plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Vultee Aircraft Corporation became an independent company in 1939 in Los Angeles County, California. It had limited success before merging with the Consolidated Aircraft Corporation in 1943, to form the Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation − or Convair.
Yoav Freund (Hebrew: יואב פרוינד‎‎) is an Israeli professor of computer science at the University of California, San Diego who mainly works on machine learning, probability theory and related fields and applications. He is best known for his work on the AdaBoost algorithm, an ensemble learning algorithm which is used to combine many \"weak\" learning machines to create a more robust one. He received the Gödel prize in 2003 for his work on AdaBoost with Robert Schapire. He is an alumnus of the prestigious Talpiot program of the Israeli army.
Factory Bridge, also known as Horsham Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge in White Deer Township, Union County, Pennsylvania. It is a 60-foot-long (18 m), King and Queen truss bridge, constructed in 1880, and repaired in 1954 and 1976. It crosses the White Deer Creek. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Zara Home is a company belonging to the Spanish Inditex group dedicated to the manufacturing of home textiles. It was created in 2003. It has around 408 stores in 44 countries. The company focuses on retailing various housewares. The headquarters of Zara Home is located in A Coruña, Spain.
The Himmel's Church Covered Bridge crosses over Schwaben Creek on Middle Creek Road, east of Rebuck, Pennsylvania, in Washington Township. It was built in 1874, and rehabilitated in 1973. It is a Kingpost Truss style wooden covered bridge, with a length of 44-foot-long (13 m). It currently remains in use to automobile traffic. The Bridge is located near the site of the Schwaben Creek werewolf, according to local folklore. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 8, 1979.
Clicks & Cuts, Vol. 2 is the second volume in the Clicks & Cuts Series released by Mille Plateaux in 2001. The triple album was released as an attempt to investigate and define the glitch music aesthetic in its early 2000s popularity.
Lenoxx Electronics Corporation was an American distributor of electronic equipment. The brand appeared in the late 1980s as a transportable stereo (boombox) model. Products from this company bear more than one brand. Common examples are Durabrand (Sold by Wal-Mart since early 2003), and Audio Solutions (sold by Walgreens). They also sell with their own name Lenoxx Sound. Market position is at the low end with products rarely over $80. The company's products are often sold at discount and drug stores, but rarely in other markets. Lenoxx Electronics Corporation operated only in the United States and some countries in Europe, and should not be confused with Lenoxx Electronics of Australia.
Katrin Schröder (born 10 July 1967) is a retired East German rower who won a silver medal in the eights at the 1989 World Rowing Championships. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the coxless pairs, together with Kerstin Spittler, and finished in fourth place.
Legends of the Lost and Found: New Greatest Stories Live is the second live album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin, released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). It featured ten new songs plus live versions of six tracks from recent albums. The album was not released on CD until 2005 when the Chapin family acquired the rights to the music. The new version was remixed from the original multitrack recordings by Harry's son Josh (executive producer) and Chapin Foundation board member and archivist Jason Dermer (producer/engineer). While making every attempt to stay true to the original version's sound as mixed by Steve Chapin, the new release features a revised track order that better follows the progression and feel of a Harry Chapin concert from that time period, as well as vocals that, through modern technique, rely less on the overdubs that were used in the original.
Wilsonia is a genus of perennial subshrubs in the family Convolvulaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia, occurring in coastal saltmarshes and also occasionally in inland saline areas. The genus was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae. The name honours John Wilson, author of A Synopsis of British Plants. Species include: \n* Wilsonia backhousei Hook.f. - Narrow-leaf Wilsonia \n* Wilsonia humilis R.Br. - Silky Wilsonia \n* Wilsonia ovalifolia Hook. \n* Wilsonia rotundifolia (Benth.) Summerh. - Round-leaf Wilsonia
Brčevo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Брчево) is a small village located near Struga, in the Struga municipality in the western region of the Republic of Macedonia. The village is situated 921 m (3,022 ft) above sea level and has a population of 20. The village was once a thriving community but has in the last 30 years lost the majority of its population to the commercial centres on it, such as Struga. The village is still visited regularly by it previous residents and related family for religious holidays and for the maintenance of the village housing.
Their Most Beautiful Ballads is a compilation album of recordings by Boney M. released by MCI/BMG in late 2000. While Boney M. may be a group that is best known for their many chart topping disco hits such as \"Daddy Cool\", \"Ma Baker\" and \"Rasputin\", most of their original studio albums also included a number of ballads, tracks like \"El Lute\", \"I'm Born Again\", \"Still I'm Sad\", \"Consuela Biaz\" and \"The Carnival Is Over\" were in fact also successful single releases. Their Most Beautiful Ballads is the first compilation to gather these and it is not only digitally remastered, but most of the songs included have also been given a light contemporary remix treatment by original producer Frank Farian.
Standing Ovation: The Greatest Songs from the Stage is the fourth studio album by Scottish singer Susan Boyle. It was released on 13 November 2012. The album features renditions of songs from prominent musical theatre shows and films. It also includes duets with American singer Donny Osmond and The Phantom of the Opera star Michael Crawford. Examples of the musical works involved include Jekyll & Hyde and Fame. The album experienced commercial success in both the United Kingdom and the United States, hitting the #12 slot in the Billboard 200 chart.
Stanisławów Duży [staniˈswavuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kamionka, 16 km (10 mi) west of Lubartów, and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
Forward was the second album from Turn, a Meath-based indie rock band. Their first album had seen a large interest from Ireland and the UK but it seemed to die away as quickly as it rose due to poor marketing and promotion from Infectious Records. The band were dropped from Infectious Records and created Nurture Records in order to release music. After this, the band struggled to finance and produce 2001's In Position EP, but the EP managed to secure a loyal fan base in Ireland and constant touring helped the band get back on their feet and start recording Forward in 2002. However, tragedy again struck the band when original bass player Gavin Fox left to join Idlewild. The album was finished in early 2003 and released to rave reviews and strong sales, entering the Irish charts at No. 8. The album is considered Turn's strongest of their catalogue and showed a massive musical growth from their debut, Antisocial.
Summerfield Street Row Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood, Queens, New York. It includes 19 contributing buildings built in 1912. They are brick two story row houses with one apartment per floor. They feature round bays and yellow iron-spot brick facades. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Box of Silk And Dogs is a 9-disc boxed set by Muslimgauze. Part of the subscription series and a Limited edition of 502 copies (cover says 500). Comes in a cardboard multi fold-out book style package, which includes, in some copies, a full-sized cardboard insert with comments and information about the Muslimgauze subscription. Each CD has its own title and track 19 on disc 9 is not listed. Disc 7 is Muslimgauze's remixes of other people work. CD 8, \"Zurif Moussa (Part Three),\" should not be confused with Zuriff Moussa.
The Baku Ateshgah (from Persian: آتشگاه‎‎, Atashgāh, Azerbaijani: Atəşgah), often called the \"Fire Temple of Baku\" is a castle-like religious temple in Surakhani, a suburb in Baku, Azerbaijan. Based on Persian and Indian inscriptions, temple was used as a Hindu and Zoroastrian place of worship. \"Atash\" (آتش) is the Persian word for fire. The pentagonal complex, which has a courtyard surrounded by cells for monks and a tetrapillar-altar in the middle, was built during the 17th and 18th centuries. It was abandoned after 1883 when oil and gas plants were established in the vicinity, ending the flow of natural gas to the temple and extinguishing the holy fire. The Baku Ateshgah was a pilgrimage and philosophical centre of Zoroastrians from Northwestern Indian Subcontinent, who were involved in trade with the Caspian area via the famous \"Grand Trunk Road\". The four holy elements of their belief were: ateshi (fire), badi (air), abi (water), and heki (earth). The temple ceased to be a place of worship after 1883 with the installation of petroleum plants (industry) at Surakhany. The complex was turned into a museum in 1975. The annual number of visitors to the museum is 15,000. The Temple of Fire \"Ateshgah\" was nominated for List of World Heritage Sites, UNESCO in 1998 by Gulnara Mehmandarova — president of Azerbaijan Committee of International Council on Monuments and Sites (ICOMOS). It was also featured on an episode of Globe Trekker. It was declared a state historical-architectural reserve by decree of the President of Azerbaijan on 19 December 2007.
Nicolas Mougin (born September 28, 1979 in Strasbourg) is a French professional vert skater. Mougin started skating when he was twelve years old in 1991 and turned professional in 2002. Mougin has won many competitions in his vert skating career. Since 2015, he started a new career of visceral surgeon in Grenoble's University hospital. Best Tricks: Frontside Mute 720Best trique : 12 cm au développé coucher
The Mansion at Burj Khalifa is an approved residential tower which will be built in Downtown Burj Khalifa, in Dubai. The tower will rise 227 metres and will have 60 floors and will contain residential apartments. The tower is structured to be constructed in concrete and will serve as a residential building. The architects involved in designing the tower are Adrian Smith, Gordon Gill and will be developed by Emaar.
Freedom (Lithuanian: Laisvė) is a 2000 drama film directed by Šarūnas Bartas. It tells the story of two men and a woman who are stranded in the Moroccan desert after a failed smuggling trip. The film was a co-production between companies in Lithuania, France and Portugal. It premiered in competition at the 57th Venice International Film Festival.
Peters Township High School is a public high school in McMurray, Pennsylvania, United States. It was built in 1968 and renovated in 1981. In January 2001, a 16-month, $24 million renovation was completed. The high school includes students from grades 9 through 12. It is located about 15 miles south of Pittsburgh.
The Red Circle is a 1915 American drama film serial directed by Sherwood MacDonald. The film is considered to be lost. The Red Circle was Ruth Roland's first serial role.
Ritual Tradition Habit is the debut studio album by Canadian band The Belle Game, produced by John Raham (Frazey Ford, The Be Good Tanyas) and the members of The Belle Game. It was released in Canada on April 16, 2013 and in the United States on May 21, 2013.
Kellogg Company (also Kellogg's, Kellogg, and Kellogg's of Battle Creek) is an American multinational food manufacturing company headquartered in Battle Creek, Michigan, United States. Kellogg's produces cereal and convenience foods, including cookies, crackers, toaster pastries, cereal bars, fruit-flavored snacks, frozen waffles, and vegetarian foods. The company's brands include Froot Loops, Apple Jacks, Corn Flakes, Frosted Flakes, Rice Krispies, Special K, Cocoa Krispies, Keebler, Pringles, Pop-Tarts, Kashi, Cheez-It, Eggo, Nutri-Grain, Morningstar Farms, and many more. Kellogg's stated purpose is \"Nourishing families so they can flourish and thrive.\" Kellogg's products are manufactured in 18 countries and marketed in over 180 countries. Kellogg's largest factory is at Trafford Park in Manchester, United Kingdom, which is also the location of its European headquarters. Kellogg's holds a Royal Warrant from Queen Elizabeth II and the Prince of Wales.
Tiedtke's is a former grocery and department store chain based in Toledo, Ohio. At its peak, the store, which began life as a grocery, occupied a huge building at Summit Street and Adams downtown, maintained an annex store two blocks away, and a branch store in north Toledo. The family-founded store changed hands several times before all locations closed by 1973. The original store building was destroyed by fire two years later.
Impatient Maiden is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by James Whale, starring Lew Ayres and Mae Clarke, and released by Universal Pictures. The screenplay was written by Richard Schayer and Winifred Dunn, based on the novel The Impatient Virgin by Donald Henderson Clarke.
Pritchardia hardy, the Makaleha pritchardia, is a species of palm tree that is endemic to moist forests on the island of Kauaʻi at elevations below 2,000 feet (610 m). The trunk of this fast-growing species reaches a height of 80 feet (24 m), with a diameter of 1 foot (0.30 m). Its leaves are 3 feet (0.91 m) in length. In 1998 only 30 individuals remained in the wild along a single trail on Kauai. This is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
Darjazin (Persian: درجزين‎‎, also Romanized as Darjazīn; also known as Daragazin and Darzazin) is a city in the Central District of Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,370, in 1,108 families.
Manchester Enterprise Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status. It is located in the Wythenshawe area of Manchester, England. Poundswick Grammar School was founded on the site in 1956, and was renamed Poundswick High School in 1967 when it merged with Oldwood Secondary Modern School to become a comprehensive school. In 1999 Poundswick High School and South Manchester High School merged to form Parklands High School on the Poundswick site. The school converted to academy status in 2009 and was renamed Manchester Enterprise Academy. Construction of a new building on part of the original Poundswick site was completed in 2010 and the original Poundswick Grammar School buildings were demolished. Manchester Enterprise Academy is sponsored by Manchester Airports Group, The Manchester College, Manchester United Foundation and Wythenshawe Community Housing Group. The school offers GCSEs, BTECs and OCR Nationals as programmes of study for pupils, while students in the sixth form have the option to study from a range of A-levels and further BTECs.
Grochowalsk [ɡrɔˈxɔvalsk] (German: Gröchenwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, 21 km (13 mi) south of Lipno, and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Toruń.
Dum is a 2003 Tamil action, romantic comedy film directed by A. Venkatesh and written by Puri Jagannadh. The film stars Silambarasan and Rakshitha in the lead roles, while Ashish Vidyarthi and S. S. Rajendran play pivotal roles. The movie is a remake of Jagannadh's 2002 Kannada film Appu starring Puneet Rajkumar .The movie got mixed reviews from critics but was declared as a super hit at the box office.
Sieśki [ˈɕeɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Zabłudów and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
The Martin Farm is a historic farmhouse at 121 Martin Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. It is a 1-1/2 story Cape style house, four bays wide, with a side gable roof, central chimney, and clapboard siding. The bays are asymmetrically placed, with the main entrance in the second from the right. The house was built c. 1750-80, and was expanded organically over the next 120 years. The house was (as of 1983) still in the hands of Martin family descendants. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Zamin Sang (Persian: زمين سنگ‎‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Sang) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,551, in 314 families.
Iwafune (岩舟町 Iwafune-machi) was a town located in Shimotsuga District, Tochigi Prefecture, Japan. As of 2013, the town had an estimated population of 18,152 and a density of 390 persons per km². The total area was 46.74 km². On April 5, 2014, Iwafune was merged into the expanded city of Tochigi.
Jatropha curcas is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to the American tropics, most likely Mexico and Central America. It is cultivated in tropical and subtropical regions around the world, becoming naturalized in some areas. The specific epithet, \"curcas\", was first used by Portuguese doctor Garcia de Orta more than 400 years ago and is of uncertain origin. Common names include Barbados nut, purging nut, physic nut, or JCL (abbreviation of Jatropha curcas Linnaeus). J. curcas is a poisonous, semi-evergreen shrub or small tree, reaching a height of 6 m (20 ft). It is resistant to a high degree of aridity, allowing it to be grown in deserts. The seeds contain 27-40% oil (average: 34.4%) that can be processed to produce a high-quality biodiesel fuel, usable in a standard diesel engine. The seeds are also a source of the highly poisonous toxalbumin curcin or jatrophin.
Flying Fish Brewing Company is a small craft beer brewer founded in Cherry Hill, New Jersey (approximately seven miles east of Philadelphia) in 1995 and opened for business in late 1996. It was founded by Gene Muller and first launched on the World Wide Web, allowing beer lovers to participate in selecting and naming the types of beers the brewery would produce, volunteer as taste-testers, or even to sign up to be a brewer. Having tripled their capacity since 1996, Flying Fish is now the largest of the craft brewers in New Jersey. The four year-round styles [Belgian Abbey Dubbel, HopFish IPA, ESB (Extra Special Bitter) Ale, and XPA (Extra Pale Ale)] are supplemented by a variety of seasonals, some only rarely available. In 2012 Flying Fish moved to a larger facility in nearby Somerdale, New Jersey.
Frederique Bangue (born December 31, 1976 in Lyon) is a French sprinter who competed in the 100 metres. Her personal best being 11.16 seconds, she never reached a world-level final individually. However, when competing in the shorter distance of 60 metres (only held indoor) or relay races, she has won medals. She was the silver medallist at the 1997 Mediterranean Games.
Pejavara (Tulu:ಪೇಜಾವರ) is a village located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada, formerly known as South Canara or South Kanara, district of Karnataka, India. It houses one of the eight ashta mathas established by Madhvacharya, the great Tattvavāda philosopher. It also houses a branch of the Krishnapura matha, another of the ashta mathas founded by Madhvacharya. Pejavara is very close to the Thokur railway station on the Mumbai-Mangalore Konkan railway route. Pejavara Adhokshaja Mut has gained a great deal of fame throughout India and the world, for a great propagation of Madhwa's philosophy, and upholding the truth of Hari's supremacy.
Acacia claviseta is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Lycopodiifoliae. It is native to an area in the Northern Territory and the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Nampasso is a village and seat of the commune of Korodougou in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The village was visited by British actress Thandie Newton in 2008.
St. Mary's of the Mountain Church is a historic Roman Catholic church on New York State Route 23A in Hunter, Greene County, New York. The church was completed in 1839 and is a one story, four by two bay, post and beam frame structure on a modern concrete foundation. It features a moderately pitched gable roof, narrow clapboard sheathing, two engaged corner towers, and a Romanesque style engaged entry / bell tower. Also on the property is the parish cemetery. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Gromoty [ɡrɔˈmɔtɨ] (German: Gramten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Iława and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
The Brown County Courthouse located in Green Bay, Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its artistic and architectural significance in 1976. The courthouse is a waypoint on the Packers Heritage Trail.
Daniel Effiong (born June 17, 1972 in Calabar) is a retired male sprinter from Nigeria. He became African 100 metres and Universiade champion in 1993. Together with Innocent Asonze, Francis Obikwelu and Deji Aliu he won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1999 World Championships, but the team was later disqualified (in August 2005) because Innocent Asonze failed a doping test in June 1999. In 100 metres his personal best time was 9.98 seconds, achieved in the semifinal of the 1993 World Championships. This ranks him sixth in Nigeria, behind Olusoji Fasuba, Davidson Ezinwa, Olapade Adeniken, Francis Obikwelu and Uchenna Emedolu. In 200 metres his personal best time was 20.10 seconds, achieved in May 1994 in San Jose. This ranks him second in Nigeria, only behind Francis Obikwelu, and fourth in Africa, behind Frankie Fredericks, Obikwelu and Stéphan Buckland. He missed the 1995 World Championships in Athletics due to a failed drug test at the Nigerian Championships, where he tested positive for methyltestosterone and ephedrine. He received a four-year ban from the sport.
The film Summer Love also known as Dead Man's Bounty, revolves around a desert countryside with a bunch of rowdy cowboys, a woman bar tender and a drunkard Sheriff. The story has been written and directed by Polish director and writer Piotr Uklański.
Lemmons, also known as Gladsmuir and Gladsmuir House, was the home of novelists Kingsley Amis (1922–1995) and Elizabeth Jane Howard (1923–2014) on Hadley Common, on the border of north London and Hertfordshire. The couple bought the Georgian house and its eight acres of land at auction for £48,000 in 1968, and lived there until 1976. The house had been registered as a Grade II listed building in 1949 under the name Gladsmuir, previously known as Gladsmuir House. Jane Howard restored its previous name, Lemmons; the next owners changed it back to Gladsmuir. Jane and Kingsley lived at Lemmons with Jane's mother and brother, two artist friends, and Kingsley's three children, Philip, Martin and Sally. Several of the family's novels were written at Lemmons, including Kingsley's The Green Man (1969) and The Alteration (1976), Jane's Odd Girl Out (1972) and Mr. Wrong (1975), and Martin's The Rachel Papers (1973) and Dead Babies (1975). Cecil Day-Lewis, the poet laureate, his wife, Jill Balcon, and their children, Daniel Day-Lewis and Tamasin Day-Lewis, stayed at Lemmons in the spring of 1972, when Cecil was dying of cancer. He wrote his last poem in the house, \"At Lemmons,\" and died there shortly afterwards. Ian Sansom writes that, for the brief period that the Amises, Howards, Day-Lewises and others were in residence, Lemmons became \"the most brilliantly creative household in Britain.\"
Birgu (Maltese: Il-Birgu [ɪlˈbɪrɡʊ], Italian: Vittoriosa), also known by its title Città Vittoriosa, is an old fortified city on the south side of the Grand Harbour in the South Eastern Region of Malta. The city occupies a promontory of land with Fort Saint Angelo at its head and the city of Cospicua at its base. Birgu is ideally situated for safe anchorage, and over time it has developed a very long history with maritime, mercantile and military activities. Birgu is a very old locality with its origins reaching back to medieval times. Prior to the establishment of Valletta as capital and main city of Malta, military powers that wanted to rule the Maltese islands would need to obtain control of Birgu due to its significant position in the Grand Harbour. In fact, it served as the base of the Order of Saint John and de facto capital city of Malta from 1530 to 1571. Birgu is well known for its vital role in the Great Siege of Malta of 1565. In the early 20th century, Birgu had a population of over 6000 people. Over the years this decreased, and the population stood at 2,629 in March 2014.
Another World Entertainment (also known as simply AWE) is a Danish home video distribution company. Another World Entertainment was established in January 2006 and has been a leading distributor of a number of titles on DVD and more recently, Blu-ray Disc. Horror films are the company's most released genre, having released several cannibal, zombie and vampire films. However, other genres do include drama, comedy, sci-fi, thriller, action and western.
Wiśniówek [viɕˈɲuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
Hollywood Story is a 1951 film noir crime film directed by William Castle starring Richard Conte and Julia Adams. The film was an attempt by Universal Pictures to take advantage of the success of Paramount's Sunset Boulevard which was released the previous year. The plot is based on the notorious murder of silent movie director William Desmond Taylor. While Hollywood Story reaches a fictional conclusion, it follows the circumstances of the real-life event closely. Upon the release of the film, Universal promoted the appearance of several once famous silent screen celebrities. It came to light that the ones with speaking parts had received just $55 per day of shooting for their roles. Others, like Elmo Lincoln, the first screen Tarzan, were used as non-speaking extras and received only $15 per day.
If He Is Protecting Our Nation, Then Who Will Protect Big Oil, Our Children? is an album by indie rock band Of Montreal. Originally self-released by the band as a tour-only CD, it was later released commercially with a few changes.
Court Avenue is a small street in downtown Bellefontaine, Ohio, United States, located adjacent to the Logan County Courthouse. First paved in 1893, it is known for being the first street in the United States to be paved with concrete.
Łasiewity [waɕeˈvitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rzewnie, 19 km (12 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki, and 75 km (47 mi) north of Warsaw.
Happy Valley is a 2014 American documentary film, written and directed by Amir Bar-Lev. The film had its world premiere at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2014. The film later screened at 2014 Sarasota Film Festival and won the jury award at the festival.
Peterborough School, formerly Peterborough High School, is an independent school located in Peterborough, England. Founded as a day school for girls (with girl boarders until July 2013), it is now a coeducational day school.
In View: The Best Of R.E.M. 1988–2003 is a DVD featuring videos by the rock band R.E.M. during 1988–2003, released as a companion to the Warner Bros. compilation In Time: The Best of R.E.M. 1988-2003. All but two of the songs included on the audio CD made the DVD—the exceptions being \"All the Right Friends\" (which had no official music video) and \"Animal\" (the video not having been shot until early 2004.)
St. Patrick High School is a Roman Catholic high school in the city of North Platte, in the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Island. St. Patrick High School is part of North Platte Catholic Schools, which also includes McDaid Elementary and Little Leprechaun Pre-School.
Keep an Eye on Amelia (French: Occupe-toi d'Amélie) is a 1949 French comedy film directed by Claude Autant-Lara based on the play by Georges Feydeau. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
Gia Sena (Greek: Για Σένα; English: For You; also known as Gia Sena Sakis Rouvas) is the third studio album by Greek musician Sakis Rouvas, released in October 1993 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece.
Amaranthus australis is also known as southern amaranth or southern water-hemp. The plant usually grows from 1 to 3 m (3.3 to 9.8 ft) in height, though some have been known to grow up to 9 m (30 ft) high. The stems can be up to 30 cm in diameter. It is a herbaceous annual. It is found in many Southern states of the United States, Mexico, the West Indies, and South America. They are frequently found in wetland areas. It is herbaceous, short lived perennial.The largest is 15.12 ft. tall.
Gooische Vrouwen (English title: Vipers Nest) is a 2011 Dutch film. It is based on the television series Gooische Vrouwen. After the creators announced that the fifth season of the series would be the last, they revealed on 7 November 2009 that they were working on a film adaptation. It earned more than 41.7 million Euro in the box office.
Thalia is a genus of six currently recognized species found in aquatic or marshy habitats, ranging in Africa from Senegal to Sudan to Zimbabwe, and in the Americas from Illinois to Argentina. Alligator-flag is a common name for plants in this genus. The generic name is in honor of Johannes Thal (1542–1583), a German doctor who wrote a Flora of the Harz Mountains.
Clarkia australis is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Small's southern clarkia. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the forests of the central Sierra Nevada. It is an uncommon species threatened by such forest activities as logging. This annual herb produces a slender, erect stem approaching a meter in height. The leaves are widely linear in shape and borne on short petioles. The top of the stem is occupied by the tall inflorescence, which bears hanging buds that open from the lowest upward, so that there are several closed buds above open flowers. The sepals do not remain fused as the flower opens. The petals are diamond-shaped and sometimes lobed and curling at the tip. They are mottled or spotted lavender, purple, and reddish in color, and each is up to 1.5 centimeters long. There are 8 long stamens tipped with large anthers bearing blue-gray pollen. The stigma protrudes past the anthers. This species of Clarkia is very closely related to Clarkia virgata, and it has been suggested that it is not actually a separate species, but hybridization studies have demonstrated that there has been sufficient reproductive isolation to produce hybrid incompatibility between the two taxa, confirming that they should be treated as separate species.
Final Flesh is a 2009 American surreal comedy film directed by Ike Sanders, written by Vernon Chatman, and produced by PFFR. The film was made by sending the most deliberately absurd and ridiculous scripts to four different companies that specialize in making custom fetish pornography and having the porn actors act out the scripts, which contain copious nudity, but no actual sex. Final Flesh tells a very loose story involving a family who live near ground zero, where a nuclear bomb is scheduled to hit. The film is composed almost entirely of non sequiturs, intentionally designed to be as random and nonsensical as possible.
Ende Neu is an album released by Einstürzende Neubauten in 1996. In English, Ende Neu translates to the equivalent of \"ending new\". Reflected in the cover artwork, the title is a wordplay involving the band's name: Einstürzende Neubauten. This was the band's last studio album featuring member F.M. Einheit.
Lawrence Academy at Groton is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational college preparatory school located in Groton, Massachusetts, in the United States. Founded by a group of 50 residents of Groton and Pepperell, Massachusetts in 1792 as Groton Academy, and chartered in 1793 by Governor John Hancock, Lawrence is the tenth oldest boarding school in the United States, and the third in Massachusetts, following Governor Dummer Academy (1763) and Phillips Academy at Andover (1778). The phrase on Lawrence Academy's seal is \"Omnibus Lucet\": in Latin, \"Let light shine upon all.\"
Needham High School is a public high school in Needham, Massachusetts, educating grades 9 through 12. Mr. Aaron Sicotte is the principal of Needham High School. Its three assistant principals are Ms. Alison Coubrough-Argentieri, Mr. Johnny Cole, and Mr. Keith Ford. As of 2016, the school had 1,644 students and over 201 part-time and full-time instructional staff members, plus support staff employees. Needham High School was awarded a gold medal by U.S. News & World Report for its academic excellence. The school is ranked as the 11th best for Massachusetts and 307th best nationally on U.S. News & World Report’s list of best high schools in 2016.
Batbold Enkhtamir (born 30 June 1996) is a Mongolian female weightlifter, competing in the 75 kg category and representing Mongolia at international competitions. She competed at world championships, including at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships.
Murray Paul Watkinson (11 June 1939 – 19 January 2004) was a New Zealand rower. He competed at the 1964 and 1972 Summer Olympics in the single sculls and finished in fifth and tenth place, respectively. He won a European bronze medal in this even in 1972. Watkinson started training in 1953, at the West End Rowing Club. He won his first major title, a silver medal in the double sculls, at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, partnering with his brother Peter. He died in 2004, survived by wife Joy, sons Paul and Michael, and three grandchildren.
Cirrus Aero-Engines Limited was a British aircraft engine manufacturer, known for their line of four-cylinder air-cooled vertical inline engines for general aviation use. The company traded between 1927 and 1931.
Ten-Sei (転生) is the 33rd studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in November 2005. Like some previous albums 10 Wings, Hi -Wings- and Tsuki -Wings-, Tensei is composed of the songs Nakajima wrote for her experimental musical Yakai. All the materials appeared on the album were originally performed on Yakai Vol. 14: \"24-Ji Chaku 0-Ji Hatsu\" which was taken place at the Bunkamura Theatre Cocoon during January 2004. Except \"The Mirage Hotel\" which was already included on her 2003 Love Letter (Koibumi) album (Ten-Sei features newly arranged version of a song), most of the songs were appeared on the studio album for the first time. From the album, \"For Those Who Can't Go Home\" was later released as a single (flip side was live recording version of \"Relay of the Soul\" which was taken from Yakai). It was featured as a theme song for the television drama Kemonomichi (adaptation of the novel written by Seicho Matsumoto) starring Ryoko Yonekura and aired on TV Asahi in 2006. \"Relay of the Soul\" was also used in the drama series called On'na no Ichidaiki aired on Fuji TV during autumn 2005.
Men'll Be Boys is the title of the fourth studio album from American country music artist Billy Dean. It was released in 1994 (see 1994 in country music) on Liberty Records as his final album for the label before Liberty's country music division was merged with Capitol Records Nashville. The album produced only two singles in \"Cowboy Band\" and \"Men WIll Be Boys\", which respectively reached #24 and #60 on the Billboard country singles charts. The album includes two cover songs: \"I Will Be Here\" had been released by Steven Curtis Chapman on his 1989 album More to This Life, and \"Misery and Gin\" had been released by Merle Haggard on his 1980 album Back to the Barrooms.
REvolution is the fourth studio album by the band Lynch Mob released in 2003. This album marks the return of vocalist Robert Mason and bassist Anthony Esposito to the band. The tracks of the album are re-worked versions of the band's first two albums, and Dokken songs of the George Lynch-era of the band.
Track of Words is a 1999 solo album by singer-songwriter Steve Knightley. A lost album of sorts, which was re-recorded by Knightley and co-producer/engineer Mark Tucker. The re-recorded album was released as Track of Words - Retraced in 2009. Retraced was included in Mike Ganley's Crooked Road \"Top 10 Albums 2009\" list.
The Lycée Condorcet is a school founded in 1803 in Paris, France, located at 8, rue du Havre, in the city's 9th arrondissement. Since its inception, various political eras have seen it given a number of different names, but its identity today honors the memory of the Marquis de Condorcet. The school provides secondary education as part of the French education system. Henri Bergson, Horace Finaly, Claude Lévi-Strauss, Marcel Proust, and Paul Verlaine were educated at the Lycée Condorcet. Some of the school's famous teachers include Jean Beaufret, Paul Bénichou, Jean-Marie Guyau, Jean-Paul Sartre and Stéphane Mallarmé.
True Love is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Nancy Savoca. An unflinching look at the realities of love and marriage which offers no \"happily ever after\" ending, it won the Grand Jury Prize at the 1989 Sundance Film Festival.
Bacilos is the first studio album recorded by Bacilos released on May 23, 2000. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
New Art Riot E.P. is an EP by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers. Released on 22 June 1990 by the Damaged Goods record label, it was the band's first release to feature the four-piece line-up of James Dean Bradfield, Nicky Wire, Richey Edwards and Sean Moore. Featuring short, fast-paced hard rock songs and influenced by favourites of the group such as The Clash, the EP provided the musical template for the band of what was to come.
The Annual is a series of compilation albums currently published annually by London-based electronic dance music brand Ministry of Sound. Described as Ministry of Sound's \"flagship\" series, the popular albums feature house, big beat and trance tracks popular in nightclubs, especially those in the United Kingdom.
Frydrychowo [frɨdrɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Kowalewo Pomorskie, 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń, and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Toruń.
Debra (\"Debbie\") Lee Flintoff-King, (OAM) (born 20 April 1960 in Melbourne) is a retired Australian athlete, and winner of the women's 400 m hurdles event at the 1988 Seoul Olympics.
Sheykh Musa (Persian: شيخ موسي‎‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Mūsá) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 111, in 31 families.
Choqa Maran (Persian: چقاماران‎‎, also Romanized as Choqā Mārān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 349, in 77 families.
A Tian (Chinese: 阿田 \"A Tian\", \"our little Tian\") is Justin Lo's fourth studio album which was released on September 30, 2008. It was his first released album since Gold Label Records acquired EMI Music Taiwan and EMI Music China (Typhoon Records) in 2008, reforming to Gold Typhoon Entertainment Ltd..
Qods (Persian: قدس‎‎, also known as Shahr-e Qods, meaning \"City of Qods\"; formerly, Karaj, Qal‘eh Hasan, and Qal‘eh-ye Ḩasan Khān) is a city in and the capital of Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 229,354, in 60,331 families. Before Qods officially became a municipality in 1989 it was named Qal‘eh Hasan. The Persian Gulf Pro League team Paykan plays in the city at Shahre Qods Stadium.
Broken (informally known as The Broken Movie) is a 1993 horror musical short film/long form music video filmed and directed by Peter Christopherson, based on a scenario by Trent Reznor, the founder of the industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails. The film is a companion piece to the band's 1992 EP Broken, featuring its songs and music and compiling its music videos (the exception being \"Last\" and the two hidden tracks). The movie, roughly 20 minutes in length, weaves Broken's four music videos together via a violent \"snuff film\" framing sequence, concluding with an otherwise unreleased video for the EP's final song \"Gave Up,\" setting the conclusion of the film's frame story to the song. Due to its extremely graphic content, the Broken movie was never officially released, but was leaked as a bootleg which became heavily traded on VHS in the 1990s, and more recently via the Internet. Trent Reznor once said that the Broken movie \"...makes 'Happiness in Slavery' look like a Disney movie.\" While his comments about the movie have been cryptic at best, he makes no secret of the film's existence.
The Angels of Light Sing 'Other People' is the fourth studio album by Angels of Light. Produced by band leader Michael Gira, it was released on March 21, 2005, via Gira's own record label, Young God Records. It is the band's first album to feature extensive contributions from American folk music outfit Akron/Family, who played on every song of the album.
Bezanjerd-e Eslami (Persian: بزنجرداسلامي‎‎, also Romanized as Bezanjerd-e Eslāmī; also known as Bejangerd and Pezhangerd) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 60 families.
Rise to the Occasion is reggae, dancehall artist Sizzla's eighteenth studio album. The album was released on September 30, 2003. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae, with singles such as \"Rise to the Occasion\" and \"Give Me a Try\".
Nadodi Thendral was a 1992 Tamil language film directed by Bharathiraja and written by Sujatha Rangarajan. It starred Karthik and Ranjitha in the lead roles. The music was provided by Ilayaraja.The music score by Ilayaraja was of much talk. As usual his background score and original score were fantastic. Ilayaraja penned story for this movie and also some lyrics. Featuring an international cast, the film was a period movie set in British India and was based on a triangular love story between a goldsmith (Karthik), a gypsy woman (Ranjitha) and the district collector's sister. Some critics opine that later movies such as the Hindi-language blockbuster Lagaan and the 2010 Tamil-language movie Madrasapattinam were inspired by Nadodi Thendral.
Odmy [ˈɔdmɨ] (German: Odmy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of Ostróda and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Penrose Wolf Building, also known as the Rockwood Opera House, is a historic commercial building located at Rockwood, Somerset County, Pennsylvania. The front section was built in 1898, and is a two-story, wood frame structure measuring 30 feet by 60 feet. The rear section was added in 1905, and is a three-story, yellow brick structure measuring 50 feet by 75 feet. In the early 20th century, the upper floor of the wood frame section housed \"the Opera House.\" The rear section was designed for heavy commercial use and housed a grain and lumber storage facility. In 2000 the building was purchased by Judith Pletcher and restored to working order. Currently housing shoppes, restaurants and live entertainment in the Opera House. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Adana American College for Girls was a prominent high school in Adana that served from 1880 to 1927. Founded by the American missionary, protestant teachings of the school mostly attracted students from the Armenian community of the city. Adana American College was one of the many missionary schools that were founded during the late 19th century in the Ottoman Empire.
El Amor infiel (The Unfaithful Love) is a 1974 Argentine drama film directed and written by Mario David. It was filmed in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The film was based on a novel by María Angélica Bosco.
Witsanu Chantri (born 12 September 1996) is a Thai male weightlifter, competing in the 69 kg category and representing Thailand at international competitions. He competed at world championships, most recently at the 2014 World Weightlifting Championships.
Louis Vuitton Malletier, commonly referred to as Louis Vuitton (/ˈluːiː vwiːˈtɒn/ LOO-ee-vwee-TON; French: [lwi vɥiˈtɔ̃]), or shortened to LV, is a house founded in 1854 by Louis Vuitton. The label's LV monogram appears on most of its products, ranging from luxury trunks and leather goods to ready-to-wear, shoes, watches, jewelry, accessories, sunglasses and books. Louis Vuitton is one of the world's leading international fashion houses; it sells its products through standalone boutiques, lease departments in high-end department stores, and through the e-commerce section of its website. For six consecutive years (2006–2012), Louis Vuitton was named the world's most valuable luxury brand. Its 2012 valuation was US$25.9 billion. The 2013 valuation of the brand was US$28.4 billion with revenue of US$9.4 billion. The company operates in 50 countries with more than 460 stores worldwide.
Cnicothamnus is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family. Species 1.  \n*  Cnicothamnus azafran, native to Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay 2.  \n*  Cnicothamnus lorentzii, native to Argentina and Bolivia
Smolany Dąb [smɔˈlanɨ ˈdɔmp], is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Krasnopol, 10 km (6 mi) west of Sejny, and 110 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
The Willows Hotel at 112 S. Broadway in Linton, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. Also known as the Hogue Building, it is in Early Commercial architecture style. According to its NRHP nomination, \"Willows Hotel is an early North Dakota example of a commercial structure that was the product of international experimentation, using the reinforced concrete method of construction.\" It was the city of Linton's first fireproof commercial building.
Mentor Graphics, Inc is a US-based multinational corporation dealing in electronic design automation (EDA) for electrical engineering and electronics. In 2001, it was ranked third in the EDA industry it helped create. Founded in 1981, the company is headquartered in Wilsonville, Oregon, and employs roughly 5,200 people worldwide with annual revenues of around $1 billion.
Andrea Mayr (born October 15, 1979 in Wels, Upper Austria) is a female long-distance runner from Austria. She also competes in mountain running and cycling. She set her personal best (2:30:43) in the women's marathon on April 19, 2009, winning the Vienna City Marathon. She holds the Austrian records over the half marathon and marathon distances. She represented Austria in the 3000 metres steeplechase at both the 2005 and 2007 World Championships in Athletics, although she did not make it past the heats. She won the event in the Second League section of the 2008 European Cup and managed a silver for Austria in the Second League of the 2010 European Team Championships. Mayr set a course record at the 2008 Obudu Ranch International Mountain Race in Nigeria. She won the World Mountain Running Championships in 2010, beating runner-up Valentina Belotti by over half a minute in the 8.5 km race. She also won the WMRA Grand Prix series that year: she had already secured the title before the final by merit of having an unassailable lead in the points table, yet she went on to win the Smarna Gora race finale and further cement her position as the world's top female mountain runner. She is the record holder of the Empire State Building Run-Up (11:23, 2006). She has six World Mountain Running titles. Mayr competed in the 2012 London Olympics for Austria. She finished 54th in the women's marathon.
Stanhopea tigrina is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family endemic to Mexico A characteristic of this orchid is the way the flower comes from the bottom . Grown in a normal pot means the flower is stalled with the roots. Even botanical gardens have fallen for this trap.
Calectasia cyanea, commonly known as the star of Bethlehem or blue tinsel lily, is a plant in the family Dasypogonaceae growing as a perennial herb and is endemic to the south–west of Western Australia. Restricted to a single population in Torndirrup National Park, it is critically endangered. In 1840, Robert Marnock described this species as: Undoubtedly one of the most beautiful of the floral productions of the South-Western Coast of Australia. Sir William Hooker says, 'We figure it on account of its great beauty, a beauty which is scarcely altered by drying, for the form and colour of both leaves and flowers is truly of that kind called everlasting; and partly with the hope that our cultivators may be induced to import this lovely plant as an ornament to our greenhouses. Nothing can exceed the richness of the bright purple perianths and the contrasting deep orange-coloured anthers. It grows in sandy soil among shrubs. John Lindley also remarked on the beauty of this species: \"In the first place there is that most beautiful plant Calectasia cyanea, R.Br., a bush like an Adansonia, with quantities of large blue flowers with deep orange-coloured anthers; this is the handsomest Endogen in the Colony.\"
Marpha  is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1630 people living in 434 individual households. The name itself reflects the \"mar\" meaning hard working and \"pha\" meaning people. Tourism and mule rearing are the means of survival of the people of this place. The village is the apple capital in the nation, with Marpha brandy and jams produced from local fruits. The village is a common overnight halt on the Annapurna Circuit, less crowded and touristy than Jomsom to the north.
Bend It Like Beckham is a 2002 romantic sports and Indian-themed comedy-drama film produced, written, and directed by Gurinder Chadha, and starring Parminder Nagra, Keira Knightley, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Anupam Kher, Shaznay Lewis, and Archie Panjabi. The film's title refers to the football player David Beckham, and his skill at scoring from free kicks by curling the ball past a wall of defenders. It follows the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs in London. She is infatuated with football but her parents have forbidden her to play because she is a girl. She joins a local women's team, which makes its way to the top of the league. Bend It Like Beckham was released theatrically on 12 April 2002 by Redbus Film Distribution, and on DVD and VHS on 18 November 2002 by Warner Home Video. The film surprised critics and was met with mostly positive reviews and it earned over $76 million on a $6 million budget. A stage musical version opened at London's Phoenix Theatre on 24 June 2015.
Next is an album by Soulive that was released on March 12, 2002. It was produced by Jeff Krasno. Next brought a new chapter into the history of Soulive, and it marked the first time that the band toured as a quartet (with saxophonist Sam Kininger). Next built upon the success of the previous year's release, Doin' Something, with heavy driving beats and harmonized melodies. Next mirrored the great organ/guitar/sax era of the 60's, and built upon that 60's feel with reminiscent songs like \"Tuesday Night's Squad\" and \"Alkime\". Next also depicted a substantial hip-hop influence with rappers like Black Thought, featured on \"Clap!\", and Talib Kweli, featured on \"Bridge to 'Bama (Hi Tek Remix)\". Dave Matthews was also a guest on the track \"Joyful Girl\".
Ruston & Hornsby, later known as Ruston, was an industrial equipment manufacturer in Lincoln, England, the company's history going back to 1840. The company is best known as a manufacturer of narrow and standard gauge diesel locomotives and also of steam shovels. Other products included cars, steam locomotives and a range of internal combustion engines, and later gas turbines. The company is now part of the Siemens group of Germany.
Strange Form of Life is the name of a Bonnie 'Prince' Billy EP, whose title track is taken from the 2006 album The Letting Go. The remainder of the EP comes from a Daytrotter session recorded by Will Oldham in August 2006. The EP is available on 12\" vinyl, and an Enhanced CD, which includes the music video for the title track, directed by Jennifer Parsons.
Black Refuge EP is the second EP released by Swedish band Junip. It is composed of mostly original songs, but also includes a cover of Bruce Springsteen's \"The Ghost of Tom Joad\".
Textron Marine & Land Systems, formerly  Cadillac Gage, is an American military contractor that manufactures armored vehicles, turrets, advanced marine craft, surface effects ships, and other weapon systems. It is owned by Textron, and was formed in the merger between Cadillac Gage and Textron Marine in 1994.
The Opernhaus am Zwinger (Opera house at the Zwinger) was a theatre in Dresden, Saxony, Germany, opened in 1719. The architect of the Zwinger, Matthäus Daniel Pöppelmann, was also responsible for the opera house situated next to its south-western pavilion. The building replaced the first opera house of Dresden, the Opernhaus am Taschenberg, which was transformed to a church. The three-tier hall seated up to 2000 people and was at the time one of the largest opera houses in Europe. The first performance was on 3 September 1719 Antonio Lotti's Giovi in Argo, followed on 13 September by the premiere of Lotti's Teofane on the occasion of the wedding of prince Friedrich August II, later the elector and as August III king of Poland, and Maria Josepha of Austria. The house flourished when he, an opera enthusiast, reigned as elector, and Johann Adolph Hasse was musical director. Due to the Seven Years' War, the last opera, Hasse's Olimpiade, was performed in 1756. The building was used for balls and concerts. It burned down during the May Uprising in Dresden in 1849.  The next opera house, the Semperoper, was built at a different location.
Midnight in the Labyrinth is an \"orchestral\" album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth (although \"orchestrations\" are credited to keyboard player Mark Newby-Robson and no orchestra or string-section is listed in the album's personnel). The songs selected are from the band's first four releases. The title comes from the lyrics of \"Mistress from the Sucking Pit\", a bonus track on some editions of Darkly, Darkly, Venus Aversa. The album was released to coincide with Record Store Day on 21 April in participating countries. It was released worldwide on 4 May. Disc One features narration by Dani Filth, plus additional vocals from Sarah Jezebel Deva. Disc Two contains the same recordings minus the vocals. The first disc also includes \"Goetia (Invoking the Unclean)\", a thirteen-minute \"aural séance\", recycling the titles of Cradle's abandoned and wiped first album, and first demo. A demo of the orchestral version of \"Summer Dying Fast\" appeared as a teaser on the EP Evermore Darkly, and the narrated version of \"A Gothic Romance (Red Roses for the Devil's Whore)\" was released online, preceding the album on 4 April.
Amiri Garibi (English: Rich - Poor) is a 1990 Hindi family Drama film produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner & directed by Harmesh Malhotra. The film features Jeetendra, Rekha, Rishi Kapoor, Poonam Dhillon, Raj Babbar, Neelam Kothari in lead roles and music composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal. The film is remake of Telugu Movie Makutamleni Maharaju (1987), starring Krishna, Sridevi, Rajendra Prasad in pivotal roles.
Jonathan William Moseley (born August 27, 1975), better known as Jonny Moseley, is an American freestyle skier and television presenter. He is the first Puerto Rican to become a member of the U.S. Ski Team. He is also known for hosting three seasons of MTV's The Challenge, which was formerly known as Real World/Road Rules Challenge. He has also hosted four reunion specials for Battle of the Sexes, the sequel of Battle of the Seasons, Rivals II and Free Agents.
Watauga is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States, and an inner suburb of Fort Worth. The population was 23,497 at the 2010 census. The cities' businesses and retail market is generally located on Highway 377.
Please Murder Me is a 1956 American film noir film directed by Peter Godfrey, and starring Angela Lansbury and Raymond Burr. The film is in the public domain and is available for free download at the Internet Archive.
Vellore Maavattam (English: Vellore district) is a 2011 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by R. N. R. Manohar, starring Nandha and Poorna. Produced by AGS Entertainment, the film released on 6 October 2011 on the occasion of the festival of Ayudha Pooja. The film has been dubbed into Hindi as Dost Garibon Ka.
Quest International was a major producer of flavors and fragrances with sales of £560 million in 2005 before its acquisition by rival Givaudan. Quest created and marketed flavours and fragrance concepts and solutions for the fast-moving consumer goods industries. With operations in 31 countries, Quest made ingredients for foods, snacks, beverages, personal care, fine fragrances, and home hygiene products. Quest Flavours was headquartered in Naarden, Netherlands; Quest Fragrances was based in Ashford, Kent, UK. Major competitors included Firmenich, Givaudan, International Flavors and Fragrances and Symrise.
Between Today and Yesterday is an autobiographical album released in 1974 by singer songwriter Alan Price. In its original LP format, Side One was titled \"Yesterday\" and Side Two was titled \"Today.\" The \"Yesterday\" side featured six songs about the working class environment, in Northern England, in which Price was raised. Musically, these songs drew heavily from pre-rock styles, bringing to mind the music of the music hall and working class anthems. The \"Today\" side contained six songs about the more modern Price, performed in a more contemporary style.
Look What Happened to Samson (Spanish:Lo que le pasó a Sansón) is a 1955 Mexican comedy film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and starring Germán Valdés, Ana Bertha Lepe and Yolanda Varela.
Jawiszów [jaˈviʂuf] (German: Klein Hennersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945, it was in Germany. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kamienna Góra, and 82 kilometres (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Charles Krug House, at 103 N. Douglas St. in Glendive, Montana was built in 1907. Also known simply as the Krug House, it was a work of Herbert C. Chivers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. St. Louis architect Herbert G. Chivers designed the house as a mansion built of Hebron brick befitting the success of Charles Krug.
Glittering Prize 81/92 is a compilation album by Simple Minds, released in 1992. It spans the period from Sons and Fascination/Sister Feelings Call (the first album recorded by Simple Minds for Virgin Records) to Real Life. The album omits the earliest period of Simple Minds' recording career, which yielded three albums released on Arista (only reissues are on Virgin). At the time of its release, the album was promoted by the double A-side single \"Love Song/Alive and Kicking\", where \"Love Song\" appeared in a remixed form. Both \"Love Song\" (from 1981) and \"Alive and Kicking\" (from 1985) appear in their original 7-inch edits on the album. The namesake video collection, featuring promo videos from then latest two albums and live versions of the hits was released simultaneously.
Charles Wallace Richmond (December 31, 1868 – May 19, 1932) was an American ornithologist. He is best remembered for a compilation of the Latin names of birds that is called the Richmond Index.
The Byrds Play Dylan is the name of two compilation albums by the American rock band The Byrds, one released in 1979 and the other issued in 2002. As their titles suggest, each compilation consists of interpretations of Bob Dylan penned songs, which The Byrds recorded at different stages of their career. Neither version of the album reached the charts in the United States or the United Kingdom. The original 1979 release of The Byrds Play Dylan was not, in fact, the first compilation of The Byrds' covers of Dylan's material to have been issued; an earlier, eleven track compilation had appeared in Japan in 1970 under the title The Byrds Sing Dylan. Yet another compilation of The Byrds' interpretations of Dylan's material was released in the UK and Europe as The Byrds Play the Songs of Bob Dylan in 2001. The first incarnation of The Byrds Play Dylan was released by Columbia Records in the U.S. in November 1979 and included all thirteen Dylan covers that the band had officially released between 1965 and 1970, from their debut single \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" through to their live rendition of \"Positively 4th Street\". However, the track listing of the original American album did not present the songs in chronological order, something that was rectified by The Byrds' biographer Johnny Rogan for its UK and European release in February 1980. The chronological running order used for the European version of The Byrds Play Dylan was retained for all subsequent CD re-releases of the original album. In 2008, the original thirteen track version of the album was re-released with its chronological running order intact, under the augmented title of Collections: The Byrds Play Dylan. In June 2002, a second compilation bearing the title The Byrds Play Dylan was released, which expanded considerably on the scope of the original album and included a number of alternate versions and live recordings that had not been released by The Byrds during the 1960s and 1970s. It also included The Byrds' cover of \"Paths of Victory\", which had been recorded in 1990 by a reunited line-up of the band featuring original members Roger McGuinn, David Crosby and Chris Hillman. All of the material on the 2002 edition of The Byrds Play Dylan had been previously released, either on The Byrds' regular albums, on their singles, as bonus tracks on their remastered CDs, or on The Byrds box set.
Taqdeerwala is a Hindi film (English: A Man With Awesome Fate), produced by D. Rama Naidu on Suresh Productions banner, directed by K. Murali Mohana Rao. Starring Venkatesh, Raveena Tandon in lead roles and music composed by Anand–Milind. This is a remake of 1994 Telugu film Yamaleela.
Risør og Tvedestrand Bilruter is a Norwegian bus company that operates in the eastern parts of Aust-Agder on contract with the county administration of Aust-Agder. The company has 36 buses and 85 employees and is owned by the city councils of Risør, Tvedestrand (26.3% each), Vegårshei and Gjerstad (13.1% each), the municipalities where the bus company has most of its routes. Along with Setesdal Bilruter it bought Høvågruta in 2002. It was in 2008 bought by Nettbuss Sør AS and incorporated into their fleet of companies. For a short while RTB operated an express busline between Kristiansand and Oslo called Miljøxpressen, but as this line was in direct competition with Nettbuss Sør AS's Sørlandsekspressen, it was closed down shortly after takeover.
Rohstoff (German for \"Raw stuff\" or \"raw material\") is the first live DVD released by German industrial metal band Oomph!. This release features live footage consisting of 23 songs, music videos of the band's singles, as well as making-of videos and interviews. The audio version of the live concert is available only through digital download.
Pogorzelec [pɔɡɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Pokrzywnica, 13 km (8 mi) south of Pułtusk, and 42 km (26 mi) north of Warsaw.
Ilu (Persian: ايلو‎‎, also Romanized as Īlū) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 309, in 57 families.
Anton Blasbichler (born February 18, 1972) was an Italian luger who has competed since 1989. A natural track luger, he won nine medals at the FIL World Luge Natural Track Championships with four golds (Singles: 2001, 2005, Team: 2003, 2009, 2011), one silver (Singles: 1996), and three bronzes (Singles: 1998, 1996, Team: 2005). At the FIL European Luge Natural Track Championships, Blasbichler won four medals in the men's singles event with two golds (1993, 1999), a silver (2008), and a bronze (2010.
Allyson Michelle Felix (born November 18, 1985) is an American track and field sprinter who competes in the 100 meters, 200 meters, and 400 meters. At 200 meters, she is the 2012 Olympic champion, a 3-time World champion (2005–09), and 2-time Olympic silver medalist (2004–08). At 400 meters, she is the 2015 World champion and 2016 Olympic silver medalist. She has won five additional Olympic gold medals as a member of the United States' women's relay teams: three at 4 × 400 meters (2008–16), and two at 4 x 100 meters (2012–16). The 2012 U.S. Olympic 4 x 100 meters team also set the women's 4x100 meters world-record that still stands. Felix is the only female track and field athlete to ever win six Olympic gold medals, and is tied with Merlene Ottey as the most decorated female Olympian in track and field history, with a total of nine Olympic medals. Felix's 200 meters best of 21.69 secs from 2012, ranks her sixth on the all-time list. In 2013, she broke the world best for the rarely contested 150 meters distance, running 16.36 secs. In the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2015 World Championships, she ran the fastest split ever recorded by an American woman, and third fastest split ever after Jarmila Kratochvilova and Marita Koch, with 47.72.As a participant in the US Anti-Doping Agency's \"Project Believe\" program, Felix is regularly tested to ensure that her body is free of performance-enhancing drugs. She is coached by Bobby Kersee.
Lunacy is the seventh album by Japanese rock band Luna Sea, released on July 12, 2000. It reached number three on the Oricon chart and was the band's last original studio album before disbanding in late 2000. The album was remastered and re-released on December 19, 2007, it came with a DVD of the promotional videos for \"Gravity\", \"Tonight\" and \"Love Song\".
Medomak Valley High School is a public high school established in 1967 in Waldoboro, Maine (Lincoln County), which educates grades 9–12. The school is part of the MSAD 40 district.
The Donald Pollock House is a Bruce Goff-designed house in a suburban area of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, that was built in 1957. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2001. The house features steep hipped roofs over interlocking square areas, with skylights. The interior is partitioned by folding wood partitions. A studio with a screened porch on its roof is connected by a walkway over a reflecting pool. Its NRHP nomination describes it as \"an excellent example of the mature architecture of Bruce Goff\" and \"one of Goff's finest designs\". It is related to the Goff-designed Wilson House in Pensacola, Florida.
Elman Mukhtarov (Azerbaijani: Elman Muxtarov; born December 12, 1994) is an Azerbaijani wrestler who participated at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore. He won the gold medal for Azerbaijan in the boys' Greco-Roman 50 kg event, defeating Nurbek Hakkulov of Uzbekistan in the final.
Hrubý Rohozec (German: Groß Rohosetz) is a castle in Turnov, Czech Republic. The original structure was connected to a polygonal tower by a defensive wall. Its purpose, in the 14th century, was to monitor the trade route running below it. Between the two parts of the castle Jan von Šelmberk, and later Konrad Kraiger Kraigk, built Gothic palaces. During the Renaissance the Wartenberg family rebuilt the complex in the style of a chateaux. Albrecht von Wallenstein bought it in 1621 followed by the noble family Desfours, who held it until 1945. After 1822 the castle was upgraded on the basis of plans by the architect Jan F. Joendl. The castle's library, dining room, bedroom and a blue room are open to the public and display their original furnishings.
The Hibernian Hall is a historic building at 182-186 Dudley Street in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. The four story brick building was designed by Edward Thomas Patrick Graham, and built in 1913 for the Ancient Order of Hibernians, an Irish Catholic fraternal organization. It was the first of several Hibernian halls to be built in Roxbury, it is now one of only two Irish dance halls from the period to survive. Its ground floor was originally occupied by storefronts, with offices of the organization and a banquet hall on the second floor, and a large hall (capacity 600) on the third floor, which included a fourth-floor balcony. It remained a gathering place for local Irish residents through the 1960s, and was taken by foreclosure in 1960. It was then taken over by a non-profit focused on job training for local African Americans, which operated there until 1989. The building interior has suffered due to neglect and vandalism, but the basic form of the upper concert hall has survived. The hall listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. \n* Plaque on the front of the building \n* Building cornerstone
Admirável Mundo Novo (Portuguese for Brave New World) is the fourth album by Brazilian rock band Flerte Fatal, released in 2001. This album was recorded during a troubled period of the band, which faced a dispute between Victor and Filipe, each one trying to establish as the absolute leader of the group. The album's sonority recalls the first two discs of the band, but with a heavier loudness. The main successes were the title track, \"(A Nova) Geração do Rock\", \"Tal Pai, Tal Filho\" and \"Pátria Amada\". The reviews were positive, and a new legion of fans had been formed. But in early 2002, guitarist and songwriter Filipe Galvao announced his departure from the group, declaiming que was looking for new horizons.
Temptation Box is the second studio album by the Japanese band Scandal, released on August 11, 2010. The album was released in three editions. The album reached No. 3 on the Oricon chart on its first week and charted for 13 weeks with 60,301 copies sold.
Poppasquash Farms Historic District is a historic district in Bristol, Rhode Island. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The district is located off Route 114, and encompasses most of Colt State Park and about 50 acres (20 ha) of adjacent private lands on the northern half of Poppasquash Neck. The area was occupied by Wampanoag Indians for hundreds of years and eventually settled by British colonists in the 17th century after King Philip's War. There is a broad array of architecture in the district including Greek Revival and Colonial houses.
The Lucas County Courthouse in Chariton, Iowa, United States was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. In 2014 it was included as a contributing property in the Lucas County Courthouse Square Historic District. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
Franklin Area School District (FASD) is a rural, public school system headquartered in Franklin, Venango County, located in western Pennsylvania. Franklin Area School District encompasses approximately 186 square miles. It serves the residents of: Canal Township, Frenchcreek Township, Irwin Township, Mineral Township, Sandycreek Township, Victory Township, along with the boroughs of: Barkeyville, Clintonville, Polk and Utica. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 16,598. In 2009, Franklin Area School District residents’ per capita income was $17,008, while the median family income was $39,801. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. Per school district officials, in school year 2007-08, Franklin Area School District provided basic educational services to 2,287 pupils through the employment of 187 teachers, 127 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 11 administrators. In 2006, the 2,122 student population was white 93%, black 5%, Asian 1%, Native American less than 0.5% and 1% Hispanic. Franklin Area School District received more than $15.9 million in state funding for the school year 2007-08. The district operates a high school (9th through 12th grades ), a middle school (7th and 8th grades) and three elementary schools (K-6th grade).
Carphephorus odoratissimus (common name Vanillaleaf) is a species of North American plants in the sunflower family. They are native to the southeastern United States in the States of Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida. Carphephorus odoratissimus is an herb up to 180 cm (6 feet) tall, largely without hairs. It produces a flat-topped inflorescence with many small purplish flower heads containing disc florets but no ray florets. Varieties \n*  Carphephorus odoratissimus var. odoratissimus - Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida \n*  Carphephorus odoratissimus var. subtropicanus Wunderlin & B.F.Hansen - Florida
Jomonte Suvisheshangal (English: Jomon's Gospels) is an upcoming Indian Malayalam family drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Iqbal Kuttippuram. The film stars Dulquer Salmaan and Mukesh in the lead roles.
If I Ruled the World: Songs for the Jet Set is a 1965 studio album by Tony Bennett, arranged by Don Costa. Bennett dedicated his recording of \"Sweet Lorraine\" on the album to Nat \"King\" Cole, who had died a month before the album's release.
Parts of Speech is the second studio album by Dessa, a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released by Doomtree Records on June 25, 2013. An EP of remixes entitled Parts of Speech, Re-Edited was released on June 17, 2014.
Rudiments of Mutilation is the second studio album by the American grindcore band Full of Hell. The album was released on June 11, 2013 through A389 Records. Prior to the album's release, Full of Hell released the track \"Coven of the Larynx\" online for streaming in March 2013. On the meaning behind the album's title, vocalist Dylan Walker said: \"Rudiments of Mutilation refers to our innate and basic need to suffer and cause suffering. On this record I was able to draw equally from the first hand experience of pain in my own life and the ugliness that is the greater human pulse.\" The album was generally well received by music critics. Denise Falzon of Exclaim! gave the album a nine-out-of-ten rating and said: \"Rudiments of Mutilation is a difficult and thought-provoking listen, proving once and for all that Full of Hell are not your run-of-the-mill hardcore band.\" Christopher Luedtke of Metal Injection gave the album a nine-and-a-half-out-of-ten rating and said: \"It is sick, unnerving, excellently established moody, violent, and one of the best damn records that will be put out this year.\" John Consterdine of Terrorizer said the album is, \"a relentless 24 minute ride, if you thought the new album from Nails was brutal, that's a walk in the park compared to this.\"
Invincible is the final studio album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It is his sixth studio album released through Epic Records. It was released on October 30, 2001. Similar to Jackson's previous material, Invincible explores themes such as love, romance, isolation, media criticism, and social issues. An extensive and laborious album to make, Jackson started production in 1997 and did not finish until eight weeks before the album's October 2001 release. Jackson recorded in over 10 different studios and the final cost was over thirty million dollars. Combined with twenty five million toward the cost of promoting the album, Invincible is the most expensive album ever made. The album peaked at number one in eleven territories worldwide, including the United States (with first-week sales of 363,000 units), the United Kingdom, Australia, France and Switzerland. Invincible charted within the top ten in six other territories; its least successful charting area was Mexico, where the album peaked at number 29. Total sales for the album are estimated to be at 10 million copies. Upon release, the album received mixed reviews from contemporary music critics.
In Caliente also known as Viva Señorita is a 1935 American film starring Dolores del Río.The film was written by Ralph Block and Warren Duff and is directed by Lloyd Bacon. The musical numbers were choreographed by Busby Berkeley. It was released by Warner Bros. in May 25, 1935.
Wetlands (German: Feuchtgebiete) is a 2013 German drama film and directed by David Wnendt. It is based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Charlotte Roche. The film premiered in International competition at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival on August 11, 2013. The film later premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18, 2014. After its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, Strand Releasing acquired the US distribution rights for the film.
Helianthus eggertii, known as Eggert's sunflower, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family. It is native to Tennessee, Kentucky, South Carolina, and Alabama. It is best known as one of the few plants to have been delisted under the Endangered Species Act because of the species' recovery. It was described by John Kunkel Small in 1903.
The Thorn is a comic, religious satire movie released on May 24, 1974, as The Divine Mr. J. It was first shown as The Greatest Story Overtold at the Detroit Institute of Art in 1971. It was released on video in the early 1980s as The Thorn. It was written, directed and produced by Peter Alexander. Its release was legally challenged on grounds that its title and advertising deceptively exploited the fame of its co-star, Bette Midler.
Dyson Perrins CofE Academy, (formerly Dyson Perrins CofE Sports College, and previously, Dyson Perrins High School) is a co-educational secondary school with academy status in Malvern, Worcestershire, England. It is named after its benefactor Charles William Dyson Perrins, heir to the Lea & Perrins Worcestershire sauce company. The school was awarded Specialist Sports College status in 2008. It is located near Malvern Link, a northern suburb of the town of Malvern, Worcestershire. The Learning Centre is a purpose built unit where the school provides specialist individual and group support by fully trained staff for students at any time in their school career. Among its many buildings and facilities, the school campus includes a dedicated Sixth Form private study and conference room, three Music Practice Rooms provide facilities for learning to play instruments, including a state-of-the-art drum booth, four IT rooms equipped with modern computers with LCD monitor technology, a sports hall and extensive sports fields.
Geneva Community High School, or GHS, is a public high school located in Geneva, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is part of Geneva Community Unit School District 304.
Westbourne School for Boys and Girls is an independent school for boys and girls, aged 3 – 16 years old. It is located in the Broomhill area of south Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. The headmaster is John B Hicks. Founded in 1885, Westbourne School is the only co-educational independent school for 4 to 16 year olds in the historic Broomhill area. The school has two campuses — a Junior and a Senior school situated only yards apart.
Fatideh (Persian: فتيده‎‎, also Romanized as Fatīdeh and Fateydeh) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,006, in 334 families.
Beatallica (known by fans as The Grey Album) is the second E.P. from Beatallica. It contains eight tracks, made from combinations of Beatles and Metallica songs. The gray color of the album cover is a reference to both The Beatles and Metallica's self-titled albums (the former being white and the latter being black). \"Blackened the USSR\", \"Sandman\", \"Leper Madonna\" and \"Hey Dude\" were re-recorded for the band's first full-length album Sgt. Hetfield's Motorbreath Pub Band. \"And I'm Evil\", \"Got to Get You Trapped Under Ice\" and \"I Want to Choke Your Band\" were re-recorded for their second album Masterful Mystery Tour.
Too Much Junkie Business is a compilation of studio demos and live recordings, recorded in late 1982 by protopunk guitarist and singer Johnny Thunders. It is one of the original releases by Neil Cooper's then cassette-only label ROIR. It was reissued in 1999 on compact disc as The New Too Much Junkie Business. The album is notable for being one of the few places to find studio versions of Thunders' live staples \"In Cold Blood\" and \"Just Another Girl\", but the album is dominated by live recordings of a typically sloppy and chaotic Thunders performance at the Peppermint Lounge in New York City. Thunders also interjects some studio-recorded interjections throughout the album, including one where he claims that the title track, another live staple, was co-written by Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley along with its actual author, longtime Thunders co-conspirator Walter Lure. Another Thunders composition, \"Who Needs Girls?\", is credited wholly to Booker T. & The MG's because of its resemblance to the veteran Memphis soul act's instrumental \"Green Onions\".
Gratiola amphiantha is a rare species of flowering plant known by the common names little amphianthus, pool sprite and snorkelwort. It was previously the only species in the monotypic genus Amphianthus, but it was moved to genus Gratiola after genetic analysis in 2008. It is native to the Piedmont region of the southeastern United States, with a center of distribution in Georgia. It occurs in Alabama and South Carolina as well. It is limited to granite outcrops, a high-biodiversity habitat type that is threatened by activities such as quarrying, off-road vehicles, and trash and debris dumping. It is a federally listed threatened species. Gratiola amphiantha is a petite aquatic plant which occurs in the non-Mediterranean climate vernal pools that sometimes form in the granite outcrop habitat. It is a delicate annual herb a few centimeter long with a short, threadlike stem surrounded by a rosette of tiny lance-shaped submerged leaves. Above them are a pair of slightly larger, floating leaves which are oval in shape and up to 8 millimeters (0.3 inches) long. Flowers occur in the axils of both submerged and floating leaves. Those occurring underwater are cleistogamous and do not open, and those blooming on the water's surface have open five-lobed white corollas a few millimeters long. It is a fast-growing species, germinating immediately with sufficient rain and maturing to flower in 17 days. Its life cycle is quick because appropriate growing conditions occur for only a brief time at these pools. There are few other plants that grow in the vernal pools of the outcrops, except for local endemic species of Isoëtes, such as Isoetes piedmontana. Recent estimates have the number of populations around 31, and certain local populations can be quite large, with several thousand plants occupying pools and puddles in outcrop habitat in wet years. However, many granite outcrops are consumed for quarrying in the area, and this is likely the greatest threat to the species. Livestock grazing near some pools has caused eutrophication of the water, making it inhospitable for the plant. The oldest name for the species is Amphianthus pusillus,coined in 1837. D.Estes & R.L.Small wanted to transfer the species to Gratiola, but could not call it Gratiola pusilla because Willdenow had already used this name for another species. Hence the replacement name, Gratiola amphiantha.
Barend Mons (born 1957, The Hague) is a molecular biologist and biosemantics specialist. He is known for innovations in scholarly collaboration, especially nanopublications and the FAIR data initiative. Since 2012 he is a Professor in Bio-Semantics at the Department of Human Genetics at the Leiden University Medical Centre and he is also affiliated with the Erasmus Medical Centre, University of Rotterdam, both in The Netherlands. In 2015 Mons was appointed chair of the High Level Expert Group on the European Open Science Cloud.
Banned in the U.S.A. is the fourth album by the 2 Live Crew. It was originally credited as Luke's solo album. The album included the hits \"Do the Bart\" and the title track. It was also the very first release to bear the RIAA-standard Parental Advisory warning sticker. The eponymous title single is a reference to the decision in a court case that its album As Nasty As They Wanna Be was obscene (the decision would later be overturned on appeal). Bruce Springsteen granted the group permission to interpolate his song \"Born in the U.S.A.\" for it. Displeased over the decision of Florida Governor Bob Martinez who, on being asked to examine the album, decided it was obscene and recommended local law enforcement take action against it and over the subsequent action of Broward County, Florida, sheriff Nick Navarro, who arrested local record-store owners on obscenity charges for selling the group's albums and the subsequent arrest of members of the group on obscenity charges, the group included the song \"Fuck Martinez\", which also includes multiple repetitions of the phrase \"fuck Navarro\". The group found two other men with the same names, and had them sign releases, as they thought that this action would make it impossible for Martinez or Navarro to sue them.
Living a Dream is the third album by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins, released on 31 October 2005, in the UK. It charted at number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and at number 1 on the UK Classical Album Chart.
Lepsy (Kazakh: Лепсі, before 2010, Lepsinsk) is a village in Alakol District, Almaty Region, in south-eastern Kazakhstan. It is the administrative seat of Lepsy Village District, which also includes the villages of Baizerek (Байзерек, pop. 106), Zhunzhurek (Жунжурек, pop. 79) and Chumbulak (Чимбулак, pop. 106). It is located on the northern end of the Dzungarian Alatau, near the headwaters of the Lepsy River. The settlement was founded in 1846. By 1918, there were a separate village and town, both called Lepsinsk. In 1913, 6249 people lived in the village and 8764 people lived in the city. In 1936 the city lost its status and the two settlements were merged into the village Lepsinsk. Since 2010, it was renamed Lepsy.
Harvey Brooks (August 5, 1915 – May 28, 2004) was an American physicist, \"a pioneer in incorporating science into public policy\",notable for helping to shape national science policies and who served on science advisory committees in the administrations of Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson.Brooks was also notable for his contributions to the fundamental theory of semiconductors and the band structure of metals.Brooks was dean of the Division of Engineering and Applied Sciences of the Harvard University.Brooks was also president of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering and the Council on Foreign Relations.He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering \"for technical contributions to solid-state engineering and nuclear reactors; leadership in national technological decisions\".He was also Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics and Benjamin Peirce Professor of Technology and Public Policy at Harvard University.Brooks was also the founder and editor-in-chief of the International Journal of Physics and Chemistry of Solids.He received the Ernest O. Lawrence Award of the Atomic Energy Commission, the Philip Hauge Abelson Prize of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Founded by Justin Cameron, Lex Pedersen and Haydn Smith from Sydney's Northern Beaches, SurfStitch has grown from a backyard garage operation to a global business. SurfStitch has become Australia's largest online fashion retailer, the world's largest online action sports and youth apparel retailer, and is home to over 20,000+ products and 600 brands After launching the business’ European operations in late 2012, SurfStitch complemented this success by acquiring Europe's largest player, Surfdome.com (founded by Justin Stone). This was followed by the acquisition of the North American leading online retail platform, Swell.com December 2014 witnessed the successful IPO of the SurfStitch Group on the Australian Stock Exchange (Stock Code SRF.AX). In May 2015 SurfStitch announced the acquisitions of Stab Magazine (the world's largest Surf publishing and content network) and Magicseaweed (the worlds largest surf forecasting network) In November 2015 it became bigger the Billabong in terms of overall market cap much to Dazza's disappointment
Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 26 families.
On The Turn is the second and final studio album by Irish alternative rock outfit Kerbdog, released on Fontana Records in the UK on 31 March 1997. It was produced by GGGarth who had previously worked with Rage Against the Machine. \"We did one record with a band named Kerbdog, and we started off with about 25 cabinets and amps. It took about two days just to go through 'em all, but we got the best sounds that we have ever gotten. We used old Les Pauls, old Strats and Teles, different strings, different pickups.\"GGGarth Rehearsals began at Full Blast Studios in Los Angeles in July 1995 before recording took place at Sound City Studios and A&M Studios over the following months. The band spent almost 4 months rehearsing/recording and the album went massively over budget, including a scrapped mix of the entire album by Alan Moulder. The final mix of the album was provided by Joe Barresi. Recording took its toll on guitarist Billy Dalton who departed the band shortly after returning home. \"If GGGarth hadn't pointed out what was going on, then Billy might still be in the band. We're really nice guys and he was a mate, so we couldn't say 'Are you able to do this'? I think if he was still with us, he'd be in a mental home by now. He said in America that if things didn't improve for himself when we came home, he'd leave, so it wasn't like we just arrived on his door step and said, 'you're fired' or anything.\"Colin Fennelly Unfortunately, the album was delayed release by over a year and never sold in great enough quantities to satisfy the record label, reaching number 64 in the UK Albums Chart. Kerbdog were dropped by Mercury and their back catalog was deleted shortly thereafter. The band split in March 1998. The album was re-released in September 2012 on East World Records UK.
Abendland is a 2011 documentary film by Nikolaus Geyrhalter. The documentary, which has only scenes at night, explores European obsession with technology and security. It was released in Austria and Germany in 2011 and in the United States in 2012.
New Steps is a double album by jazz composer, bandleader and keyboardist Sun Ra and his Quartet recorded in Italy in 1978 and originally released on the Italian Horo label.
Fugitive in Trieste (Italian: Clandestino a Trieste) is a 1951 Italian war-drama film directed by Guido Salvini and starring Doris Duranti, Jacques Sernas and Massimo Girotti. It was one of a number of films of the era (including Sleeping Car to Trieste and Diplomatic Courier) that used Trieste as a backdrop, often highlighting its cosmopolitan nature and as a borderline between different powers due to the Trieste question.
St. Philip's Church in the Highlands is an Episcopal church located on New York State Route 9D in the hamlet of Garrison, New York, United States. It is a stone Gothic Revival building designed by Richard Upjohn, a congregant of the church, opened in 1865. The church itself has a long and complex history, dating back to colonial times. Its development has paralleled and sometimes spurred that of the Garrison community itself, and it was accepted for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. However, the church itself objected, and it was not formally added to the Register until 1995.
Wandalin nad Szosą [vanˈdalin ˌnat ˈʂɔsɔ̃] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Złoczew, 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Sieradz, and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Last Man on Earth is the sixteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III, released on September 24, 2001 on Red House Records. Recorded in the wake of Wainwright's mother's death and the collapse of a romantic relationship, the album thematically addresses feelings of grief and loneliness. In 2012, Wainwright noted, \"Last Man on Earth was written right after my mother died, so a lot of the material on that record has to do with that momentous event. The life circle was present on a lot of those songs.\" Portions of the album also reflect upon Wainwright's troubled relationship with his father, Loudon Wainwright, Jr., a subject that has populated many of his earlier recordings. Last Man on Earth can be seen as a companion piece to his 1992 album, History, written after the death of his father.
Bajarse al moro is a 1989 Spanish comedy film directed by Fernando Colomo. It stars Antonio Banderas and Verónica Forqué as a young couple who live with group of other people in a small apartment. It was filmed in the Andalusian province of Cádiz. Banderas and Forqué took home best actor awards at the Fotogramas de Plata in 1990 for their performances in the movie. The film is based on a successful eponymous play written by José Luis Alonso de Santos.
Schoharie is a village in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 1,030 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Schoharie County. The name is a native word for driftwood. The Village of Schoharie is in the southeast part of the Town of Schoharie and is west of Albany.
Premila Devi Khwairakpam (born 2 March 1990) is an Indian female weightlifter, competing in the 75 kg category and representing India at international competitions. She competed at world championships, most recently at the 2010 World Weightlifting Championships.
Marcus Hutter (born 14 April 1967) is a German computer scientist and professor at the Australian National University. Hutter was born and educated in Munich, where he studied physics and computer science at the Technical University of Munich. In 2000 he joined Jürgen Schmidhuber's group at the Swiss Artificial Intelligence lab IDSIA, where he developed the first mathematical theory of optimal Universal Artificial Intelligence, based on Kolmogorov complexity and Ray Solomonoff's theory of universal inductive inference. In 2006 he accepted a professorship at the Australian National University in Canberra.
Fly on the Wall is an album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was the band's ninth internationally released studio album and the tenth to be released in Australia. All songs were written by Angus Young (guitar), Malcolm Young (guitar), and Brian Johnson (vocals). The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.
Hot and Fluffy is a comedy special performed by Gabriel Iglesias filmed live August 2007 at Bakersfield, California. The DVD of the performance became very popular and was shown on Comedy Central.
Tecumseh High School is a high school in Franklin Furnace, Ohio. It is a part of the Ohio River Valley Juvenile Correctional Facility. All youth prisoners who do not have a high school degree are required to participate in the educational program.
Magic Software Enterprises Ltd is a global enterprise software company headquartered in Or Yehuda, Israel. It is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select (NASDAQ: MGIC) and is also listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange TA-100 Index.
Tea Gronman (born 15 February 1982) is a Finnish female weightlifter, competing in the 48 kg category and representing Finland at international competitions. She competed at world championships, most recently at the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships.
The Berhampore State Flats (also known as the Centennial Flats) at 493–507 Adelaide Road, Berhampore, Wellington, New Zealand, are an example of mass housing designed in the international style. The flats were designed by F. Gordon Wilson, chief architect at the Department of Housing Construction.
Never Say Die! is the eighth studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath, released in September 1978. It was the last studio album with the band's original lineup and also the last studio album to feature original vocalist Ozzy Osbourne until 2013's 13. It was certified Gold in the U.S on 7 November 1997 and as of November 2011 sold 133,000 copies in the United States since the SoundScan era. Critics called it unbalanced, scattering its energy in too many directions.
Eslam Kandi (Persian: اسلام كندي‎‎, also Romanized as Eslām Kandī) is a village in Salavat Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 26 families.
The Victoria Conservatory of Music (VCM) is a music school in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. There is a garden tour organised by VCM each year. Louise Rose regularly leads workshops at VCM. VCM partnered with the University of Victoria to develop a Canadian music therapy program for people with disabilities. VCM was once located at Craigdarroch Castle, and also spent time in a building on the grounds of St. Ann's Academy, but is now located at 900 Johnson Street, a building previously used as a church by the United Church of Canada. Cambodian musician Hy Chanthavouth studied at VCM. Walter Prossnitz is the piano department head at VCM. Stephen Green is VCM's dean.
Herogiri is a 2015 Bengali action comedy film directed by Rabi Kinagi and produced by Nispal Singh under the banner of Surinder Films. It features actors Dev, Koel Mallick, Sayantika Banerjee and Mithun Chakrabarty in lead roles. It is a remake of the 2013 Telugu movie Balupu.
Magnolia sargentiana is a species of flowering plant in the family Magnoliaceae. It is endemic to China, where it occurs in Sichuan and Yunnan. It is widely distributed but its populations are fragmented. This is a forest tree which grows 8 to 25 meters tall. It is harvested for wood and herbal medicine.
Comanthosphace is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1877. It is native to East Asia (China, Taiwan, Japan). 1.  \n* Comanthosphace formosana Ohwi — Taiwan 2.  \n* Comanthosphace japonica (Miq.) S.Moore — Japan, China (Anhui, Guangdong, Jiangsu, Jiangxi) 3.  \n* Comanthosphace nanchuanensis C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li — China (Sichuan) 4.  \n* Comanthosphace ningpoensis (Hemsl.) Hand.-Mazz. — China (Anhui, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Zhejiang) 5.  \n* Comanthosphace stellipila (Miq.) S.Moore ex Briq. — Japan (Honshu, Shikoku)
Aansoo Aur Muskan is a 1970 Hindi film directed by P. Madhavan. The film stars Padmini and Bindu. The films playback music was sung by Mukesh . The memorable fun song \"Guni Jano Bhakt Jano\" was rendered by Kishore Kumar.
Sakhiya is a 2004 Telugu, drama film written and directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee. This film starred Tarun, Nauheed Cyrusi, Lakshmi in pivotal roles. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Mani Sharma, and received positive reviews.
Szlachecka [ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of Grębów, 14 km (9 mi) east of Tarnobrzeg, and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Jost Bürgi (also Joost, Jobst; Latinized surname Burgius or Byrgius; 28 February 1552 – 31 January 1632), active primarily at the courts in Kassel and Prague, was a Swiss clockmaker, a maker of astronomical instruments and a mathematician.
Bupleurum is a large genus of annual or perennial herbs or woody shrubs, with about one hundred and ninety species, belonging to the Apiaceae family. The full size of its species may vary between a few cm to up to 3 m high. Their compound umbels of small flowers are adorned with bracteoles that are sometimes large and may play a role in attracting pollinators. Rare among Apiaceae are the simple leaves, bracts (if present) and bracteoles. The genus is almost exclusively native in the Old World Northern Hemisphere, with one species native to North America and one species native to southern Africa. Species include: \n* Bupleurum aureum Fisch. ex Hoffm. (also called Bupleurum longifolium fo. normale (Fisch. ex Hoffm.) H. Wolff or Bupleurum longifolium var. aureum (Fisch. ex Hoffm.) H. Wolff, known in Russia as the herbal remedy Володушка (Volodushka) and in China as 金黄柴胡 (jin huang chai hu) \n* Bupleurum chinense \n* Bupleurum dianthifolium \n* Bupleurum elatum \n* Bupleurum falcatum \n* Bupleurum fruticosum \n* Bupleurum kakiskalae \n* Bupleurum lancifolium \n* Bupleurum sintenisii \n* Bupleurum tenuissimum
Gurab (Persian: گوراب‎‎, also Romanized as Gūrāb; also known as Gūrāb-e Nāshelīl) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 283, in 52 families.
Kafoshan (Persian: كافشان‎‎, also Romanized as Kāfoshān; also known as Gāh Fashān, Gāh Foshān, Kāh Fashān, and Kāpāsān) is a village in Zazeran Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,655, in 443 families.
Ceylon Steel Corporation is one of the three industrial projects along with Ceylon Tire Corporation and Ceylon Sugar Corporation, which were established in Sri Lanka by the support of Soviet Union during the cold war era. After wining the 1960 parliamentary election, Sirimavo Bandaranayake continued with the pro-socialist vision of her late husband and further strengthen Sri Lanka's relations with socialist countries. The Ceylon Steel Corporation was started in 1962 under the supervision of Maithripala Senanayake who was the Commerce and Industrial Minister of her government. A. N. S. Kulasinghe was appointed the first director of the organisation. In 1996 the organisation was sold to Hanjung Steel, now a member of the Doosan Group of South Korea. This deal was considered as a corrupted one occurred during the period President Chandrika Bandaranayaka, who is the daughter of founder Sirimavo Bandaranayaka. In 2009 the company was acquired by the UAE based Onyx Group which owned by the Sri Lankan businessperson Nandana Lokuwithana and re-branded as \"Ceylon Steel\" Corporation Limited.
Larbert High School is a six-year state, non denominational, school in Stenhousemuir, Scotland. The school is run by Falkirk Council Education Services on behalf of the Scottish Government. In 2005 the total running costs of the school were £5,852,498 or £3553 per pupil. The current rector (headteacher) is Jon Reid.
Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Opole Lubelskie and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
Pimelea arenaria, also known as Pimelea villosa, is a species of shrub in the family Thymelaeaceae. It is endemic to New Zealand. Its conservation status puts it at risk and declining, as determined by the New Zealand Threat Classification System (NZTCS).
RoboCop 3 is a 1993 American cyberpunk action film directed by Fred Dekker and written by Frank Miller and Dekker. Set in the near future in a dystopian metropolitan Detroit, Michigan, RoboCop 3 follows RoboCop (Robert John Burke) as he vows to avenge the death of his partner Anne Lewis (Nancy Allen) and tries to save Detroit from falling into chaos. It was filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. Most of the buildings seen in the film were slated for demolition to make way for facilities for the 1996 Olympics. Nancy Allen, Robert DoQui, Felton Perry, Mario Machado, and Angie Bolling are the only cast members to appear in all three films. RoboCop 3 is the first film to use digital morphing in more than one scene.
The Middletown Woodrow Wilson High School is a former high school, now used as residential apartments, located at 339 Hunting Hill Avenue, Middletown, Connecticut. It is a three story structure, built of brick with concrete trim, with a prominent Classical Revival portico. It was built in 1931 and designed by Linus Baldwin, of Towner & Sellew Associates, in the Renaissance Revival style. It served as the city's high school until 1958, and then as a junior high school, before it was rehabilitated for residential use. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Little Fella is a 1933 British comedy film directed by William C. McGann and starring John Stuart, Joan Marion and Hal Walters. It was made at Teddington Studios as a quota quickie.
A Decade Under the Influence is a 2003 American documentary film, directed by Ted Demme and Richard LaGravenese. It was produced by Independent Film Channel. It is about the \"turning point\" in American cinema in the 1970s. This was the final film Demme directed.
Smilax rotundifolia, known as roundleaf greenbrier and common greenbrier, is a woody vine native to the eastern and south-central United States and to eastern Canada. It is a common and conspicuous part of the natural forest ecosystems in much of its native range. The leaves are glossy green, petioled, alternate, and circular to heart-shaped. They are generally 5–13 cm long. Common greenbrier climbs other plants using green tendrils growing out of the petioles. The stems are round and green and have sharp spines. The flowers are greenish, and are produced from April to August. The fruit is a bluish black berry that ripens in September.
Tirant lo Blanc (a.k.a. The Maidens' Conspiracy) is a 2006 historical adventure film directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Casper Zafer, Esther Nubiola and Victoria Abril. The script was written by Aranda based on Tirant lo Blanch, a Valencian language chivalry novel dating to 1490, written by Joanot Martorell. It presents a highly fictionalized alternate history narrative of the events leading to the Fall of Constantinople. The film was shot in English, and was filmed in Madrid, Istanbul, Palermo, Granada, Huelva, Barcelona and Valencia.
Pain Zarrin Kola (Persian: پايين زرين كلا‎‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Zarrīn Kolā; also known as Zarrīn Kolā and Zarrīn Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Larim Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,093, in 304 families.
The Exploits of Elaine is a 1914 American film serial in the damsel in distress genre of The Perils of Pauline (1914). The Exploits of Elaine tells the story of a young woman named Elaine who, with the help of a detective, tries to find the man, known only as \"The Clutching Hand\", who murdered her father. The Clutching Hand was the first mystery villain to appear in a film serial. The concept was widely used for the remainder of the format's existence. The serial stars Pearl White (who also starred in The Perils of Pauline), Arnold Daly, Sheldon Lewis, Creighton Hale, and Riley Hatch. Lionel Barrymore had a small role. The serial was written by Arthur B. Reeve (novel), Charles W. Goddard, and George B. Seitz, and directed by Louis J. Gasnier, Seitz, and Leopold Wharton. The film was produced by the Whartons Studios and distributed by Pathé Exchange, the American distribution branch of the French company Pathé at that time. Pathé was the largest film equipment and production company in the world during the first part of the 20th century. The film was followed in 1915 by The New Exploits of Elaine. The serial, which is extant, was named to the United States National Film Registry in 1994 for its cultural and historic importance.
Mannar Mathai Speaking is a 1995 Malayalam comedy film written by Siddique-Lal, produced and directed by Mani C. Kappan, and starring Mukesh, Saikumar, Innocent, Vani Viswanath, and Biju Menon in the main roles. It is the sequel to Ramji Rao Speaking (1989) and was followed by Mannar Mathai Speaking 2 (2014.) The main plotline has been borrowed from the Alfred Hitchcock classic Vertigo. Priyadarshan adapted certain subplots of the film for his Hindi film, Bhagam Bhag (2006) which went on to be remade in Telugu as Brahmanandam Drama Company. Writer Siddique later reused the story and tweaks it for his Tamil movie Sadhu Miranda. The film received universal acclaim upon release. It also did well at the box office. Saikumar, Mukesh, Innocent, Vijayaraghavan and Sukumari reprised their roles for this film. Harishree Ashokan, who played a minor role in the first film played a member of Garvashes Asaan's mob.
Swart-Wilcox House is a historic home located at Oneonta in Otsego County, New York. It is a settlement period house built about 1807. It is a  1 1⁄2-story, wood-frame house with a gable roof and clapboard siding. Attached to the house is a shed and carriage shed. In 1972 the City of Oneonta purchased the deteriorating house. It is operated as a community educational resource and historic house museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Istanbul Lütfi Kırdar International Convention and Exhibition Center, often referred as Istanbul Lütfi Kırdar ICEC, shortly ICEC, (Turkish: İstanbul Lütfi Kırdar Uluslararası Kongre ve Sergi Sarayı), formerly Istanbul Sports and Exhibition Hall (İstanbul Spor ve Sergi Sarayı), is a multi-purpose convention complex located in Harbiye neighborhood of Şişli district in Istanbul, Turkey. Istanbul Lütfi Kırdar International Convention and Exhibition Center as the main building hosts along with its extension building, the \"Rumeli Fair and Exhibition Center\", important conventions, fairs, concerts, exhibitions as well as social and cultural events.
Eriogonum mohavense is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Western Mojave buckwheat. It is endemic to the Mojave Desert of California. It is an annual herb producing a slender, erect flowering stem up to about 30 centimeters tall. The woolly, rounded leaves are located around the base of the stem. The branches of the inflorescence produce many small clusters of tiny yellow flowers.
Sirloin Stockade is a family-style all-you-can-eat buffet steakhouse, restaurant chain and franchise that was founded in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States in 1966. In June 2016, the company operated over 80 restaurants in the United States and Mexico. Some restaurants are company-owned, and some are operated as franchises. Some Sirloin Stockade restaurants have closed in recent years for various reasons, some of which were in business for a significant amount of time.
Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 45 families.
Bloomsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Bloomsburg, Columbia County, Pennsylvania, USA. The district includes 668 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 1 contributing object in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Bloomsburg. Notable non-residential buildings include the Carver Hall at the Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania (c. 1867), Courthouse, town hall, and St. Paul's Episcopal Church. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. \n* Courthouse \n* Town Hall \n* Downtown \n* Caldwell Consistory
Zarrin Khul (Persian: زرين خول‎‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Khūl and Zarrin Khool; also known as Zarī Khūl-e Pā’īn and Zarīn Khūl-e Pā’īn, and Zarrīn Khūl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 4 families.
Paris When It Sizzles is a 1964 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine and produced by Quine and George Axelrod. The screenplay is by George Axelrod based on the story and film Holiday for Henrietta by Julien Duvivier and Henri Jeanson. The music score is by Nelson Riddle, the cinematography by Charles Lang and Claude Renoir. The film stars William Holden and Audrey Hepburn, and features Grégoire Aslan, Raymond Bussières, Noël Coward and Tony Curtis.
The Fray is the second studio album by The Fray. Released on February 3, 2009, through Epic Records, the album debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 chart, and became a top 5 hit in Australia and Canada. The album was preceded by the single \"You Found Me,\" which charted in the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached the number-one spot in Australia. The second single from the album, \"Never Say Never,\" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 2010. \"Never Say Never\" was also included on Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen – The Album. Critical reception was mixed, and less positive than the band's debut album, How to Save a Life, with critics pointing out that the album was too similar to its predecessor. However, positive reviews also noted that despite the similarities, The Fray was \"more focused\" and \"consistent\" than the debut album. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album and has been certified gold in the United States, Canada and Australia.
The Albert J. Zabriskie Farmhouse is located at the current address of 7 East Ridgewood Avenue in Paramus, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, just east of New Jersey Route 17. This is one of several Zabriskie historic sites associated with the descendants of prominent settler Albrycht Zaborowski (1638–1711). This stone house was built in 1805 by Albert Jacob Zabriskie (1760–1835) in the New Jersey Dutch style, owned by four generations of the family until 1924, and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1977. Due to confusion from the street name and handwritten notes on one page of the NRHP nomination, the building is sometimes mistakenly listed as being in Ridgewood, New Jersey.
Bandit Queen is a 1994 Indian biographical film based on the life of Phoolan Devi. It was directed by Shekhar Kapur and starred Seema Biswas as the title character.The music was composed by Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi, Filmfare Critics Award for Best Movie and Best Direction for that year. The film was premiered in the Directors' Fortnight section of the 1994 Cannes Film Festival, and was screened at the Edinburgh Film Festival. The film was selected as the Indian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 67th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Gdańsk Shipyard (Stocznia Gdańskа, formerly Lenin Shipyard) is a large Polish shipyard, located in the city of Gdańsk. The yard gained international fame when Solidarity (Solidarność) was founded there in September 1980. It is situated on the left side of Martwa Wisła and onOstrów Island.
Wirdum (West Frisian: Wurdum) is a village in Leeuwarden in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 1236 in 2005. St-Martin's village church had been a tufa building in the 12th century. In the 13th century the nave was enlarged and is a brick buildung since then. In the 14th century a tower was added on the south side. The nave was alterated in Baroque style, the tower in the 19th century.
Sharp Corporation (シャープ株式会社 Shāpu Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese multinational corporation that designs and manufactures electronic products, headquartered in Sakai-ku, Sakai. Since 2016 it has been an integral part of Taiwan-based Foxconn Group. Sharp employs more than 50,000 people worldwide. The company was founded in September 1912 in Tokyo and takes its name from one of its founder’s first inventions, the Ever-Sharp mechanical pencil, which was invented by Tokuji Hayakawa in 1915. As of 2013, Sharp Corporation is the tenth-largest, by market share, television manufacturer in the world. In Japan it has been a long-time leader. Sharp has at times also been the most popular mobile phone brand in the Japanese market, but is currently third biggest.
Vitex parviflora is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family, known as smallflower chastetree, or molave tree. It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines. It is threatened by habitat loss. It yields one of two woods from the same genus called molave wood, the other being Vitex cofassus.
Twining Farm, also known as the David and Elizabeth Twining Farm, is a historic home and farm located at Newtown Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. The stone farmhouse was built in two stages. They are a  2 1⁄2-story, stone eastern section, with a later three-bay,  2 1⁄2-story western addition built in 1832. A frame wing and bow window were added about 1940. Also on the property are a contributing stable, chicken house, and bank barn complex. The farm was featured in three of four Newtown farmscape paintings by noted artist Edward Hicks (1780-1849). Hicks had resided for 10 years at the farm as the foster son of Elizabeth and David Twining. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Anna Viktorovna Petrakova (Russian: Анна Викторовна Петракова, born 4 December 1984) is a Russian professional basketball player. She was part of the Russia women's national basketball team that placed fourth at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She won the 2011–12 EuroCup Women with Dynamo Kursk and the 2012–13 EuroLeague Women and the 2013 FIBA Europe SuperCup Women with UMMC Ekaterinburg.
Qarah Din (Persian: قره دين‎‎, also Romanized as Qarah Dīn and Qareh Dīn; also known as Qara Deh, Qarah Deh, and Qareh Deh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 14 families.
Sar Marang (Persian: سرمرنگ‎‎, also Romanized as Sar Marang and Sarmarang) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 202, in 46 families.
The Tunnel, also known as Transatlantic Tunnel in the United States, is a 1935 British science fiction film based on the 1913 novel Der Tunnel by Bernhard Kellermann, about the building of a transatlantic tunnel between New York and London. It was directed by Maurice Elvey and stars Richard Dix, Leslie Banks, Madge Evans, Helen Vinson, C. Aubrey Smith and Basil Sydney. The script was written by Curt Siodmak, L. du Garde Peach and Clemence Dane. The film, produced at a time when the threat of war loomed in Europe, emphasized international cooperation between the United States and the United Kingdom.
Time Is the Enemy is a live album by bassist Jonas Hellborg, released on 14 October 1997 through Bardo Records; a remastered edition was reissued on 30 March 2004. It features guitarist Shawn Lane and drummer Jeff Sipe (credited as Apt. Q-258) as collaborators, both of whom joined Hellborg on his previous album Temporal Analogues of Paradise (1996).
South Fulton is a city in Obion County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 2,354 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Union City, TN–KY Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The W is the third studio album by the American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan. It was released on November 21, 2000, by Loud Records. After their 1997 album Wu-Tang Forever, several of the group's members released solo projects before The W, which has a more rugged, less polished sound than that of most Wu-Tang related albums from that era. The album also features guest appearances from Isaac Hayes, Redman, Nas, Busta Rhymes, Snoop Dogg, and Junior Reid. The W debuted at number five on the Billboard 200, and number one on the Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart with 301,000 copies sold in the first week. It produced several singles, which also charted as well. The album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on December 14, 2000, and has sold 1.1 million copies in the United States. Upon its release, The W received generally positive reviews from most music critics based on an aggregate score of 80/100 from Metacritic.
Carol Jean L. Moseke (née Frost; born March 8, 1945 in Cedar Rapids, Nebraska) is a female track and field athlete from the United States, competing in the discus throw. She represented her native country at the 1968 Summer Olympics, and won the gold medal in the women's discus throw event at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada. She was a four-time champion in the women's discus at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. Following the Olympics, Moseke returned to Nebraska and married Larry Frost, a former Nebraska football player, and from 1977–80, Carol Frost coached the Huskers' women's track and field team. Among her first athletes was Merlene Ottey, who won the first AIAW Championship for the Nebraska program. Ottey went on to win the most women's Olympic track and field medals ever. Later, she got out of coaching track to coach football alongside her husband and eventually coached her son Scott Frost during his days as a star at Wood River High School. Scott, a former offensive coordinator with the Oregon Ducks, is the current head coach at the University of Central Florida (UCF). As Carol Frost, she has continued to compete into the Masters age groups. She holds the current American record in the W65 Shot Put, the W60, W65 and W70 records in the Discus, and the W70 World record in the Javelin. Ottey also holds eight masters world records.
Orlando e i Paladini di Francia / Orlando and the Knights of France (aka Roland the Mighty) is a 1956 film about the Battle of Roncevaux Pass in AD 778, where Roland, a knight in the service of Charlemagne was killed while defending the rear-guard of the Frankish army as it retreated across the Pyrenees. This film was directed by Pietro Francisci and written by Ennio De Concini. Famed Italian horror director Mario Bava was the cinematographer on this film.
In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 is the second studio album by American rapper Jay-Z, released November 4, 1997 on Roc-A-Fella Records. The album debuted at number 3 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and was certified platinum in sales by the RIAA in the United States.
Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard (English title: How to Do Well When You are a Jerk and a Crybaby) is a French comedy film directed by Michel Audiard, released in 1974. It is notable as the first film with the actor Jean-Claude Dreyfus. Audiard appears in the film as a nurse.
Wide Awake in America is a four-track EP by the Irish rock band U2, released in 1985. It combines two live performances of songs from the group's 1984 album The Unforgettable Fire with two B-sides from the era, which had previously been available only in the United Kingdom. It was originally released only in North America and Japan but sold so well that it charted in the UK as an import. It was re-released internationally in 1990. The EP's centerpiece, \"Bad\" – a song about heroin addiction whose lyric inspired the collection's title – would become a staple of their live set, particularly after a remarkable extended performance at Live Aid in which Bono danced with a girl in the audience. Radio programmers often chose this Wide Awake in America version over the original studio recording for airplay. The EP's title is inspired by the chorus of \"Bad\", with its refrain, \"I'm wide awake / wide awake / I'm not sleeping.\"
Marius Sophus Lie (/liː/ LEE; Norwegian: [liː]; 17 December 1842 – 18 February 1899) was a Norwegian mathematician. He largely created the theory of continuous symmetry and applied it to the study of geometry and differential equations.
Algonquin is a village in Illinois located in both McHenry and Kane counties. It is a northwest suburb of Chicago, located approximately 40 miles from the Loop. The 2010 Census placed the Village's population at 30,046, growing considerably from the 2000 Census figure of 23,276. The village is known as \"The Gem of the Fox River Valley\", since its downtown is nestled in the heart of Illinois' Fox River Valley. Established in 1890 and long known as a small river community, the village is making the transition into a major regional hub, as it has experienced considerable suburban growth over the past 20 years. Now stretching all the way west to the busy Randall Road corridor, Algonquin has become a major commercial center, with popular shopping centers and restaurants, as well as a growing corporate campus. Additionally, the village continues to see considerable residential growth. With this growth, the village has had to deal with challenges including traffic congestion and overburdened schools, yet has managed to increase the commercial tax base, preserve its character and history, and substantially increase its recreational offerings and quality of life.
Smarr received his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Science degrees from the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri and received a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Texas at Austin in 1975.
Kawanishi (川西市 Kawanishi-shi) is a city in Hyōgo Prefecture (兵庫県) in the northwestern part of the Kansai region of Japan, about 5 km north of Osaka Itami Airport. It is bordered on the west by the Inagawa river. As of August 31, 2016, the city has an estimated population of 159,723 and a population density of 2,948.83 persons per km². The total area is 53.44 km².
Sentek Global is a technology service provider for the US government. The company's offerings are primarily related to IT security program management, but also includes Department of Defense Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP) and leadership training. Sentek Global was founded in 2001 and currently has three offices; two in San Diego, California and one in Charleston, South Carolina. The company employs more than 80 individuals full-time and is privately held. The San Diego Business Journal named Sentek Global to its \"Fastest Growing, Privately Held Companies\" list four years in a row, from 2007 to 2010. The company was also listed on Inc. Magazine's \"Inc. 5,000\" list during the same time period.
Franciszków [franˈt͡ɕiʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kowiesy, 23 km (14 mi) east of Skierniewice, and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
Ochraniew [ɔˈxraɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Zduńska Wola and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Toporów [tɔˈpɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Iwaniska, 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Opatów, and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 170.
Housewives on the Job (German: Hausfrauen Report international) is a 1972 German erotic comedy film directed by Ernst Hofbauer, released in 1973. Housewives on the Job is one of the six Hausfrauen Report films produced by Hofbauer, also known for his other sex report film series of Schulmädchen-Report.
Neogyna is a genus of flowering plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae. It contains only one known species, Neogyna gardneriana, native to Tibet, Yunnan, Bhutan, Assam, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, Laos and Vietnam.
Aghet – Ein Völkermord (English: Aghet – A Genocide; Aghet being Armenian for \"catastrophe\") is a German 2010 documentary film on the Armenian Genocide by the Young Turk government of the Ottoman Empire during World War I. It is based on eyewitness reports by European and American personnel stationed in the Near East at the time, Armenian survivors and other contemporary witnesses which are recited by modern German actors. The visual material partly consists of secretly shot photographs of the death marches, Turkish atrocities and suffering of the Armenian deportees. Aghet – Ein Völkermord was awarded the 2010 Deutscher Fernsehpreis and the 2011 Grimme Award, two of the most prestigious awards of German television. According to its director, German journalist Eric Friedler, the documentary was presented to many members of the US Congress and US Senate who have expressed astonishment on how well documented the genocide actually is. An official presentation at Capitol Hill took place in July 2010. Aghet won the 2010 Armin T. Wegner Humanitarian Award in Los Angeles and received international recognition on the Montreal World Film Festival the same year. It was set to be shown before large audiences at Harvard and Columbia University. The documentary has been praised for introducing \"Aghet\", the Armenian term for the Turkish massacres, to an international audience. The advocacy group of the Turkish community in Germany has protested against the film.
Panjshanbeh Bazar (Persian: پنجشنبه بازار‎‎, also Romanized as Panjshanbeh Bāzār; also known as Panjshanbeh) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 38 families.
The Royal Group, based in Phnom Penh, is Cambodia's largest diversified conglomerate and holding company with investments in various industries in the country including telecommunication, media, banking, insurance, resorts, education, property, trading and agriculture.
Centennial Regional High School (CRHS) is a co-educational comprehensive public high school located in the Greenfield Park borough of Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, a suburb of Montreal. It was opened in 1972 and named to commemorate the centennial anniversary of Canada's confederation. More than 300 students graduate each year. The school's student body is culturally diverse. In the 2011-2012 year, the school adopted a house system in an attempt to raise school spirit. It was previously a part of the South Shore Protestant Regional School Board.
Jilanabad (Persian: جيلان اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Jīlānābād; also known as Golonābād, Golūnābād, Gulnābād, and Qal‘eh-ye Golnābād) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,459, in 351 families.
Cliff Hanger is an album by Jimmy Cliff, released in 1985 through CBS Records. In 1986, the album won Cliff the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Recording. The album featured collaborations with members of Kool and the Gang and included two songs co-written by La Toya Jackson.
Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎‎; also known as Deyhū) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 6 families.
Scindapsus is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It is native to Southeast Asia, New Guinea, Queensland, and a few western Pacific islands. Scindapsus is not easily distinguishable from Epipremnum. The main difference between the two genera is in the number of seeds they produce. Scindapsus species have one ovule in each ovary whereas Epipremnum species have a few. The seeds of Scindapsus are rounded to slightly kidney-shaped. The plants are primarily root climbing vines.
Bittersweet Symphony is the seventh album by Jade Villalon formerly of the band Sweetbox, and the second under her new stage name, Jade Valerie. It was released March 5, 2008 by Universal (Japan). The album contained many ballad influences, and only two tracks contained famous classical pieces. The album also saw a departure from the widely varied sounds Jade has become known for, this time opting for many of the tracks to showcase a typical pop, dance, or ballad sound. It also, for the first time, featured a mainly piano-oriented track, as well as a guest writer for track, \"We Can Run\".
Bozab (Persian: بزاب‎‎, also Romanized as Bozāb) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Regular guy Ed (Marcus Carroll) awakes one morning to find that his Grandmother has become one of the living dead. While trapped in his home Ed tries to survive the day, keep his house zombie free, stay alive and save the day.
The Belgravia Hotel, also known as Peale House, is a historic building in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was listed on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on June 3, 1982. The building was formerly the site of a hotel but has been developed into condominiums. Famous former residents include violist William Primrose and violinist Efrem Zimbalist.
Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 6 families.
Albolagh (Persian: البلاغ‎‎, also Romanized as Albolāgh; also known as Albolāg and ‘Alībulāgh) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 487, in 120 families.
Oplink Communications LLC is a US-based business manufacturing and selling optical components. Oplink headquarter is located in Fremont, California and has R/D center and manufacture facility in China and Taiwan.
Myszki [ˈmɨʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kiszkowo, 20 km (12 mi) west of Gniezno, and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Sotheby's is a British multinational corporation headquartered in New York City. One of the world's largest brokers of fine and decorative art, jewelry, real estate, and collectibles, Sotheby's operation is divided into three segments: auction, finance, and dealer. The company’s services range from corporate art services to private sales. Sotheby’s is the world’s fourth oldest auction house in continuous operation, with 90 locations in 40 countries. As of December 2011, the company had 1,446 employees worldwide. It is the world's largest art business with global sales in 2011 totalling $5.8 billion. Sotheby’s was established on 11 March 1744 in London. The American holding company was initially incorporated in August 1983 in Michigan. In June 2006, Sotheby’s Holdings, Inc. reincorporated in the State of Delaware and was renamed Sotheby’s. In July 2016, Chinese Insurance Giant Taikang Life became Sotheby's largest shareholder.
Rozkoszówka [rɔskɔˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Uchanie, 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Hrubieszów, and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The Popular Dry Goods Company (known as The Popular and by its large Spanish-speaking clientele as La Popular) was a local chain of department stores in El Paso, Texas. It carried national brands of clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, electronics, and housewares. At the time of its closing in 1995, there were four locations in El Paso at Downtown, Bassett Center, Northpark Mall and Sunland Park Mall. For much of its existence, The Popular was El Paso's largest locally owned department store.
The Falcon Lake Incident is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Bryson, released October 19, 2010 on Kelp Records and MapleMusic. The album was recorded with The Weakerthans, at a cottage on Falcon Lake in Manitoba. Other guest musicians on the album include Gord Sinclair (of The Tragically Hip) and Jill Barber.
Ghosts of the Great Highway is the debut album by San Francisco quartet Sun Kil Moon, led by Red House Painters' founder Mark Kozelek, who composed all of the lyrics and music on this album. The other members are Anthony Koutsos (former drummer for Red House Painters), Geoff Stanfield, and Tim Mooney. Three of the album's songs are named after boxers, following on from \"Find Me, Ruben Olivares\" from Kozelek's debut solo EP Rock 'n' Roll Singer. The band name is also a pun on the Korean boxer Sung-Kil Moon. The opening number is named after Judas Priest guitarist, Glenn Tipton. Ghosts of the Great Highway was re-issued as a double CD on February 6, 2007 on Kozelek's own label, Caldo Verde Records. The second disc features 6 bonus tracks, including two versions of Leonard Bernstein's \"Somewhere,\" and the instrumental track \"Arrival,\" which was originally recorded for the movie The Girl Next Door. The songs \"Carry Me Ohio\" and \"Lily and Parrots\" were featured in the film Shopgirl, where Kozelek also co-starred. The song \"Carry Me Ohio\" was listed at #462 on Pitchfork Media's Top 500 Songs of the 2000s list.
Adavi Donga (Telugu: అడవి దొంగ) is a 1985 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. It stars Chiranjeevi, Radha, Sharada, Rao Gopal Rao and others in the lead roles. Chakravarthy composed music for the film.
Tribhuvan Ambote  is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2895 people living in 526 individual households.
Dracula Reborn is a 2012 vampire-themed direct-to-video horror film, directed and written by Patrick McManus, making his feature film directorial debut. Produced by Ray Haboush, the film stars Corey Landis, Victoria Summer, Krash Miller, Stuart Rigby and Keith Reay. It is a modernized, loosely based take on Bram Stoker's Dracula novel, taking place in Los Angeles, California, where a wealthy Dracula looks to purchase an abandoned building and pursue the wife of his realtor, Jonathan Harker.
There but for Fortune was a 1989 compilation that summed up the three albums that Phil Ochs recorded for Elektra Records between 1964 and 1966. The album drew heavily from the third, presenting ten of its eleven tracks, and presenting six and five respectively from the first and second. The compact disc edition omits three tracks, two from the first album and one from the second. Both editions lop off a few introductions on the \"In Concert\" album. A cover version of \"There But For Fortune\" by Joan Baez became a top-ten hit in the UK in 1965. Somewhat irritated by her greater success with the song, Ochs sometimes introduced it as \"by Joan Baez\" in his live performances.
Homer Alfred Neal (born June 13, 1942) is an American particle physicist and a distinguished professor at the University of Michigan. Neal is President of the American Physical Society in 2016. He is also a board member of Ford Motor Company, a council member of the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and a director of the Richard Lounsbery Foundation. Neal was the interim President of the University of Michigan in 1996. Neal's research group works as part of the ATLAS experiment hosted at CERN in Geneva.
Dutchtown High School is a public high school located north of Hampton, Georgia, United States. Dutchtown High School opened in 2004 and is located in the Dutchtown settlement in the old Sixth Militia District of Henry County. The school's mascot is the bulldog.
Sari Kuh (Persian: سري كوه‎‎, also Romanized as Sarī Kūh) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
The Dalles Mint was to be a branch of the United States Mint in The Dalles in Oregon. Partially constructed in 1869, the planned two-story structure was never completed and the mint was never put into operation. Located in the downtown area of the city, the building was given to the state before it was sold to the public. The Mint building was most recently home to the Erin Glenn Winery.
Terra Firma is the eighth album by Scottish Celtic rock group Wolfstone. It was released in 2007. It saw Ross Hamilton take over lead vocals, only for him to leave the band a few months later. Note \"Back Home\" seamlessly segues into \"Break Yer Bass Drone Again\" (with ...\"Drone Again\" actually being a reprise of \"Back Home\"), giving the impression that both tracks are different parts of the same recording. The album saw a shift in the change of style, with a more alternative rock approach taken to it.
Ziemiary [ʑeˈmjarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bolimów, 12 km (7 mi) north of Skierniewice, and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Leszno Dolne [ˈlɛʂnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] (formerly German Nieder-Leschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szprotawa, 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Żagań, and 48 km (30 mi) south of Zielona Góra. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). The village has a population of 320.
St Margaret's Convent was a mixed primary and an all-girls secondary convent school in Midhurst, West Sussex. St Margaret's was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1888. By the 21st century pupil numbers dropped substantially as parents opted to send their children to state schools or independent schools such as Seaford College less than a 20-minute drive away. The senior section closed in 2002 and it became a junior school. It was initially proposed that Seaford's junior school and St Margaret's would merge but the plans fell through and closure was inevitable. In July 2009, hundreds of Midhurst locals and former pupils gathered at the school compound for the farewell ceremony. The building it once occupied was designated a Grade II listed building in 2010. The Sisters continued their presence in Midhurst after the school's closure.
The Evansburg Historic District in Evansburg, Pennsylvania, United States, is a National Historic District designated by Congress with over 50 National Register properties dating from the early 18th through 19th century. Almost all of these properties are privately owned and in active use at this time. The Evansburg Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
Qaleh-ye Mir Aqa (Persian: قلعه ميراقا‎‎, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mīr Āqā; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Mīrzā Āqā’ī) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 45 families.
She Gets Her Man is a 1935 American comedy film directed by William Nigh and written by Aben Kandel. The film stars ZaSu Pitts, Hugh O'Connell, Helen Twelvetrees, Lucien Littlefield, Edward Brophy and Warren Hymer. The film was released on August 5, 1935, by Universal Pictures.
Clear Cut: The Story of Philomath, Oregon is a 2006 American documentary film produced and directed by Peter Richardson. It was filmed in the city of Philomath, Oregon. The film made its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2006.
Sieluń [ˈɕeluɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 87 km (54 mi) north of Warsaw.
Tax Season is the debut solo album by American rapper Chucky Workclothes. It was originally released on February 24, 2015, by RBC Records, then later released on August 24, 2015 under his own brand. The album features guest appearances from Crooked I, Pusha T, Kurupt, E-40, Young Buck, Young Bleed and more. The album was supported by the singles \"Tax Season\" featuring Crooked I, \"State To State\" featuring E-40 and \"Nothing Moves\" featuring Kurupt.
Stop at Tenerife (Spanish:Escala en Tenerife) is a 1964 Spanish musical comedy film directed by León Klimovsky and starring the Dúo Dinámico. While travelling on a ship to Brazil the duo get no further than Tenerife, where they are left during a stopover.
Carex multicaulis is a species of sedge known by the common name manystem sedge. It is native to California, western Nevada, and southern Oregon, where it grows in chaparral and open forest montane habitats.
The John F. Cance House at 807 W. Ridge Ave. in Galesville, Wisconsin was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The house was designed by architect G.H. Carsley. Carsley was a member of the architect Cass Gilbert's office in St. Paul from 1896 to 1906 and possibly longer; though the house was not necessarily associated with Gilbert's firm, its progressive design is typical of the office. The home displays Tudor Revival architecture. The house has a separate carriage house, which contributes to its National Register listing. The house is the only prominent Tudor Revival building in Galesville; while its architecture is not considered exceptional in its own right, its uniqueness and connection to the Cass Gilbert office make it historically significant nonetheless. The house's first owner, John F. Cance, was a prominent banker at the Bank of Galesville. He was a cashier for the bank when the house was built and continued to rise in the bank until he became bank president in 1930, a position he held for 23 years.
Wild passionfruit, or (locally) caperbush, is an Australian native plant. It is a subspecies of the caper adapted to deserts. Its name in the Arrernte language of Central Australia is Merne arrutnenge. Wild passionfruit is a tasty bush tucker food. When it ripens, the skin turns orange and splits open and the little black seeds become visible. It is then ready to eat. The seeds are hot and spicy when crushed. It grows prolifically in riverbanks in the desert.
Toniszewo [tɔniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
J.C.Staff Co., Ltd. (株式会社ジェー・シー・スタッフ Kabushiki gaisha Jē Shī Sutaffu, J and C stand for \"Japan Creative\"), is a Japanese animation studio founded in January 1986 by Tomoyuki Miyata, who previously worked at Tatsunoko Production. The studio's first release was Yōtōden in 1987. They have produced several well-known anime series, such as Slayers, Revolutionary Girl Utena, Excel Saga, Shingetsutan Tsukihime, Shakugan no Shana, A Certain Magical Index, A Certain Scientific Railgun, Honey and Clover, Alien Nine, Azumanga Daioh, Toradora!, Zero No Tsukaima, Ikki Tousen, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo, and Betrayal Knows My Name. Since 2005, the majority of their works have been directed by Takashi Watanabe, Ken'ichi Kasai and Yoshiaki Iwasaki.
Mickey's Champs is a 1930 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman, the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 2, 1930 by RKO.
Kalloori Vaasal (Tamil: கல்லூரி வாசல்) is a 1996 Tamil college film directed by Pavithran The film featured Ajith Kumar and Prashanth in the lead roles with Pooja Bhatt, Devayani and Manivannan in other supporting roles.
Versus is the fourth studio album by Finnish rapper Mikael Gabriel. It was released on 15 May 2015. Four singles preceded the release; \"Woppaa\" featuring Kevin Tandu, \"Älä herätä mua unesta\", \"Viimeisen kerran\" featuring Diandra and \"Mimmit fiilaa\". The album peaked at number two on the Official Finnish Album Chart.
The Phillips School was a 19th-century school located in Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts. It is now a private residence. It is on the Black Heritage Trail and its history is included in walking tours by the Boston African American National Historic Site. Built in 1834, it was a school for white children. After Massachusetts law from 1855 required school desegregation, Phillips was one of the first integrated schools in Boston.
András Frank (born 3 June 1949) is a Hungarian mathematician, working in combinatorics, especially in graph theory, and combinatorial optimisation. He is director of the Institute of Mathematics of the Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest.
Fairtrade Ireland is the Irish member of FLO International, which unites 23 Fairtrade producer and labelling initiatives across Europe, Asia, Latin America, North America, Africa, Australia and New Zealand. The organisation, which is registered as a charity, awards a consumer label, the Fairtrade Certification Mark, to products which meet internationally recognised standards of Fairtrade. It is supported by Amnesty International, ActionAid Ireland, Christian Aid, Comhlámh, Concern, Oxfam, Trócaire and the Irish Congress of Trade Unions and is active throughout Ireland through a network of volunteers. The first Irish product bearing the Fairtrade Mark, Bewley's Direct coffee, was launched in November 1996. Today, dozens of Irish products bear the Fairtrade Mark, and Fairtrade products are sold by most major Irish supermarkets, such as Tesco, Dunnes Stores, Londis, Marks & Spencer, Superquinn, Supervalu, Centra, and Spar. Fairtrade Ireland's most active campaign is the Fairtrade Town programme. As of 2013, there were 49 registered Fairtrade Towns in Ireland. Fairtrade Ireland also runs the Fairtrade Schools, Fairtrade College, Fairtrade Ambassador, and Fairtrade@Work programs throughout Ireland Sales of Fairtrade products in Ireland jumped by 101 per cent in 2007 to more than €23.3 million, up from €11.6 million in 2006. A survey conducted in 2011 found that 88% of Irish adults trust the Fairtrade Certification Mark.
Young Catherine is a 1991 American TV miniseries based on the early life of Catherine II of Russia. It stars Julia Ormond as Catherine and Vanessa Redgrave as Empress Elizabeth. The miniseries is known as Intrigues impériales in France and Die Junge Katharina in Germany.
South & City College Birmingham is an establishment of further education in Birmingham, England. Providing full-time and part-time courses. It was previously known as South Birmingham College. The college has centres at the following: \n* Hall Green (South & City College Birmingham: Health and Social Care, Childcare, ESOL, Hair and Beauty, Supported Learning, Science, Public Services, Catering, Travel and Tourism and Pre-16), Cole Bank Road, B28 8ES. \n* Cannon Hill (South & City College Birmingham: Balsall Heath Women's Academy: Business Studies, Childcare, ESOL, Skills for life and ICT), Edward Road, B12 9LB. \n* Digbeth (South & City College Birmingham: Arts & Digital Media). It occupies the extended, Grade II listed, former Floodgate Street board school, B5 5SU. \n* Bordesley Green Campus (South & City College Birmingham: The Centre for the Built Environment), Fordrough Lane, B9 5LB. \n* Fusion Centre (South & City College Birmingham: Fashion, Performing Arts and Hair & Beauty), High Street Deritend, Digbeth, Birmingham, B5 6DY. \n* Golden Hillock Women's Centre (South & City College Birmingham: Business & Administration, Childcare, ESOL, Health & Social Care, Supported Learning Courses), 103-105 Golden Hillock Rd, Small Heath, Birmingham, B10 0DP. \n* Tyseley Campus (South & City College Birmingham: Electrical Installation, ESOL, Motorsport), Amington Road, Birmingham, B25 8EP. \n* Handsworth Campus (South & City College Birmingham: Access to Higher Education, ESOL, Information Technology), Soho Road, Handsworth, Birmingham, B21 9DP. South & City College Birmingham is a result of the merger between South Birmingham College & City College Birmingham, South Birmingham College officially changed its name on 1 August 2012. The college is the largest of its kind in Birmingham, with 9 different campuses in total.
L-3 Link Simulation & Training UK (L-3 Link UK) is a manufacturer of civil flight simulators based in Crawley, England. It is a subsidiary of American simulator manufacturer L-3 Link Simulation & Training, itself part of L-3 Communications, and was formed in 2012, when L-3 acquired the civil fixed-wing simulation division of Thales Training & Simulation (TTS).
MTV Unplugged is a live album by the English alternative rock band Placebo. It was released on 27 November 2015, in the formats of CD, DVD, Blu-ray, double vinyl, limited edition double vinyl picture disc, digital download and limited edition super deluxe box set. Recorded on 19 August 2015 at The London Studios, it is part of the MTV Unplugged series. Taking place during the band's 20th anniversary period, the performance featured a number of songs that were never played live before or not played live for several years, including \"Bosco\", \"Jackie\" and \"Protect Me from What I Want\". Among the instruments used on stage was a qanun purchased in Morocco. During their MTV Unplugged concert, Placebo hosted two musical guests: Danish artist Broken Twin (Majke Voss Romme), with whom they performed \"Every You Every Me\", as well as the American Joan As Police Woman, who participated in a duet during \"Protect Me from What I Want\".
75 at 75 is a three-CD compilation album by British singer Cliff Richard, released in 2015. The album contains 75 tracks spanning Richard's career of more than 55 years and was released to coincide with his 75th birthday. The album includes one new track, \"Golden\", written by Chris Eaton who also wrote Richard's 1990 UK Christmas number one single, \"Saviour's Day\".
Straight Ahead is a compilation album by Californian melodic hardcore band Ignite. It contains the In My Time EP (Lost & Found Records, 1995), the first five tracks from Scarred For Life (Lost & Found, 1994), and the title track from Call On My Brothers.
Joffa: The Movie is a 2010 independent Australian buddy movie starring Australian sports fan, Joffa Corfe. The film was financed by Chris Liontos, the Director/ Producer, along with actor Shane McRae, who plays Joffa’s friend in the movie.
Discover Primary Science is a flagship project of the Irish Government’s Discover Science & Engineering (DSE) awareness programme. It facilitates teacher training in general primary science and provides teachers with online resources and classroom activity packs which can also be used by parents and students. In 2008, just over 3,100 primary schools and their teachers participated in activities which included hands-on induction days which were hosted throughout the country in colleges of education, institute of technology, universities and education centres.
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC is a full-service investment banking firm, specializing in the small and micro cap markets. ROTH's corporate headquarters are located in Newport Beach, California. ROTH is a full-service investment banking firm servicing the small and microcap stock market. The firm is privately owned with current principals being majority owners. The core management team has been consistent for many years. ROTH's business is to offer investment banking services, including raising capital, research coverage, trading and market making, merger and acquisition advisory services, and investor conferences.
Higashisonogi (東彼杵町 Higashisonogi-chō) is a town located in Higashisonogi District, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan. As of January 1, 2009, the town has an estimated population of 9,219 and a density of 124 persons per km². The total area is 74.25 km². There is one convenience store, four gas stations, a park, a boat pier, a hospital, 5 clinics, 2 dentists, many restaurants and two banks. There are 4 elementary schools and 2 junior high schools. Located at the intersection of Routes 34 and 205, on the edge of Ōmura Bay, Higashisonogi has a convenient access to trains, buses, highway and has a port as well. The industry in the town includes construction, lumber, stone/rock forming, various agriculture and most famously, Japanese green tea.
Anbu (Persian: انبو‎‎, also Romanized as Anbū; also known as Anbūh-e Mashāyekh) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 385, in 106 families.
Visalpur is a Village in Daskroi Taluka in Ahmedabad District of Gujarat State, India. Visalpur is located near the bank of the Sabarmati River, 17 km towards west from District headquarters Ahmedabad. 2 km from Daskroi. 43 km from State capital Gandhinagar. Visalpur Pin code is 382210 and postal head office is Sarkhej. As per constitution of India and Panchayati Raj Act, Visalpur village is administered by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected by representative of village.
Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Zagórów, 23 km (14 mi) south of Słupca, and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 130.
Kamierowskie Piece [kamjɛˈrɔfskʲɛ ˈpjɛt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Skarszewy, 17 km (11 mi) north of Starogard Gdański, and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk. For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 281.
Dziwigórz [d͡ʑiˈviɡuʂ] (German: Diesdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration and ethnically cleansed according to the post-war Potsdam Agreement. The native German populace was expelled and replaced with Poles. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Udanin, 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Środa Śląska, and 44 kilometres (27 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Centropogon chontalensis is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Posht-e Darband (Persian: پشت دربند‎‎) is a village in Kivanat Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 22 families.
Black Diamond Equipment is a manufacturer of equipment for climbing, skiing and mountain sports, based in Utah, USA. The company also has global offices in Reinach BL, Switzerland and Zhuhai, China. The company is owned by Black Diamond, Inc., a parent company formerly known as Clarus Corporation, which also owns POC Sports.
Rock in a Hard Place is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Aerosmith, released on August 1, 1982 by Columbia Records. It was certified gold on November 10, 1989.  It is the only Aerosmith album not to feature lead guitarist Joe Perry, following his departure from the band in 1979. Rhythm guitarist Brad Whitford also left during the recording in 1981.
Jorge Ballesteros (born 27 May 1983) is a Spanish sport shooter with one Handgun World Shoot bronze medal and one European Handgun Championship gold medal, both in the IPSC Open division.
Song'e Napule is a 2013 Italian crime-comedy film written and directed by Manetti Bros. and starring Alessandro Roja and Giampaolo Morelli. It premiered at the 2013 Rome Film Festival. For their performances, Carlo Buccirosso and Paolo Sassanelli won the Nastro d'Argento for best supporting actors. The film also won both Nastro d'Argento and David di Donatello Awards for best score (by Pivio and Aldo De Scalzi) and for best original song (for two different songs, respectively \"'A verità\" by Alessandro Nelson Garofalo, Rosario Castagnola, Francesco Liccardo and Sarah Tartuffo and \"Song'e Napule\" by C. Di Risio, F. D’Ancona and Giampaolo Morelli), as well as the Nastro d'Argento for best comedy film.
Poniatówka [pɔɲaˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Chełm and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
I Love Hong Kong is a 2011 Hong Kong comedy film produced and directed by Eric Tsang. Film stars Tsang, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Sandra Ng and a star-studded cast of Hong Kong stars. It was released in Chinese New Year Day. The sequel movies are I Love Hong Kong 2012 and I Love Hong Kong 2013.
Hibiscus syriacus is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae, native to much of Asia (though not, as Linnaeus thought, Syria, in spite of the name he gave it). Common names include rose of Sharon (especially in North America), Syrian ketmia or rose mallow (United Kingdom) and St Joseph's rod (Italy).
The Carroll County School District is a public school district in Carroll County, Georgia, United States, based in Carrollton. It serves the communities of Bowdon, Bremen, Mount Zion, Roopville, Temple, Villa Rica, and Whitesburg.
Make Yourself is the third studio album by American rock band Incubus, released through Epic Records on October 26, 1999. The album has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and produced three charting singles—\"Pardon Me\", \"Stellar\", and \"Drive\"—all of which reached the top three of the Billboard Alternative Songs chart, with the latter topping the chart and also becoming the band's sole top ten hit to date on the Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at number nine.
La Tour de contrôle infernale (or La Tour 2 contrôle infernale on the billing, often used in the medias) is a French and Belgian movie directed by Éric Judor, released in 2016. It is a prequel of the film La Tour Montparnasse infernale, directed by Charles Nemes and released in 2001.
Private Corner is a jazz album by Jacky Cheung, which was released on 29 January 2010. Private corner is also the first jazz album of Cantopop. Chinese music critics expected that this album would make jazz a popular genre in Greater China. Cheung has recorded and the album went platinum in less than a week. The album was recorded at the same time he was also filming Crossing Hennessy; \"Lucky in Love\" appears as the end-credit song of the film. An English version of the song was later re-recorded by Filipino singer Paolo Onesa for his debut album, Pop Goes Standards, which was released on February 14, 2014. The album is mastered by Bernie Grundman.
Jafarabad-e Sofla (Persian: جعفرآباد سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād-e Soflá; also known as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 32 families.
Located in the heart of Nimba County, Liberia, Saclepea (sometimes spelled “saglelpie” on world maps) was a town of more than 12,000 citizens in 2008. Saclepeans are predominantly from the native Mah tribe, and they speak the Mano dialect. During Liberia’s civil war, Saclepea was a primary recruiting and training area for child soldiers, many of whom still reside in the city. Now, Saclepea hosts one of Liberia’s regional offices of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. A camp for refugees from the neighboring country of Côte d’Ivoire is situated on the outskirts of town.
The New Milford Plant of the Hackensack Water Company was a water filtration and pumping plant located on Van Buskirk Island, an artificially created island in the Hackensack River, in Oradell, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The site was purchased in 1881 by the Hackensack Water Company (now United Water). The facility was built between 1882 and 1911, with some buildings dating back to 1881, and it includes a brick 1882 pumping station, a tall filtration tower, and a huge underground infrastructure.
Bakhtajerd (Persian: بختاجرد‎‎, also Romanized as Bakhtājerd; also known as Bakhlagird, Bakhlājerd, and Baxtâjerd) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 877, in 201 families.
Darband (Persian: دربند‎‎) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 60 families.
The Golden Foretaste of Heaven is an album by Alec Empire, released in Japan on November 28, 2007, and in Europe on January 18, 2008. It is his first on his newly established Eat Your Heart Out label. Unlike his previous, rock-oriented efforts post-Atari Teenage Riot (Intelligence and Sacrifice (CD1) and Futurist) this album is completely electronic (with vocals).
Malipura is a colony in Khair City of Aligarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Malipura is a largest colony of Khair City. It is situated on Tentigaon Road and Tentigaon Bypass Road.
Feng Yun (simplified Chinese: 冯云; traditional Chinese: 馮雲; pinyin: Féng Yún; born February 23, 1976) is a female Chinese hurdler. Her personal best time is 12.85 seconds, achieved during the heats at the 1999 World Championships in Seville.
Antonina Alekseyevna Melnikova (Russian: Антонина Алексеевна Мельникова, born 19 February 1958) is a Belarusian sprint canoer who competed for the Soviet Union. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1980 Olympics.
Kałków [ˈkau̯kuf] (German: Kalkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Otmuchów, 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Nysa, and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). The village has a population of 620.
Affalikro (also spelled Afalikro) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Niablé, Abengourou Department, Indénié-Djuablin Region, Comoé District. Affalikro was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished.
Patxi's is a small pizzeria chain based in the San Francisco Bay Area, founded in San Francisco, California by William Freeman and Francisco “Patxi” Azpiroz. They specialize in Chicago-style pizza. Current locations include Palo Alto, Campbell, Lafayette, San Francisco, Greenbrae, San Jose, Seattle, and Denver. In April, 2014, Patxi's announced plans to open sixty new stores over the next five years. On November 6, 2015, Patxi's partnered with UberEATS to offer $10.00 cheese pizzas that were delivered in a box that said \"Little Nero's\" to honor the twenty-fifth anniversary of the release of the comedy film Home Alone.
Przeradz [ˈpʂɛrat͡s] (Kashubian: Przerôdz) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-west of Bytów and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship. It has a population of 102.
Chikuma (千曲市 Chikuma-shi) is a city located in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. As of June 1, 2006, the city has an estimated population of 63,829 and a population density of 530 persons per km². The total area is 119.84 km².
Brusiny [bruˈɕinɨ] (German: Groß Brausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Susz, 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Iława, and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 110.
Jacques Lévy is a professor of geography and urbanism at the School of Architecture, Civil and Environmental Engineering of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL). He is the director of Chôros Laboratory and of the Doctoral Program in Architecture and Science of the City. He is the cofounder of the scientific journal Espacestemps.net. He published in French, along with Michel Lussault, the dictionary of geography and space of societies, Dictionnaire de la géographie et de l’espace des sociétés.
Héroes de Otra Patria (in English, Heroes from Another Country, or sometimes credited as Heroes without a Cause) is a 1998 Puerto Rican film, written and directed by Iván Dariel Ortíz. The film was selected as the Puerto Rican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. The film follows the lives of two Puerto Rican soldiers in the middle of the Vietnam War. After being sent on a reconnaissance mission, their squad is ambushed and they get lost in the jungle. Meanwhile, we see the struggles being suffered by their relatives after their departure from the island.
Squaw Lake is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 107 at the 2010 census. The town center is located along Minnesota State Highway 46. A significant portion of the economy can be attributed to fishing and hunting related tourism.
Euphorbia subpeltatophylla is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Lophozonia moorei, commonly known as Antarctic beech, is an important Gondwana relict of the rainforests of the southern hemisphere. It occurs in wet, fire-free areas at high altitude in eastern Australia.
Kulpahar is a city in Mahoba district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is a historical town in the Bundelkhand region. Before 11 Feb 1995 Kulpahar was a Tehsil of Hamirpur District. On 11 Feb 1995 Mahoba District was carved out of Hamirpur, and Kulpahar is now a part of the Mahoba District. Kulpahar is the largest Subdivision of Uttar Pradesh. Kulpahar is known for its closeness to Khajuraho and other historic places like Mahoba, Charkhari, Kalinjar Rath, Orchha, and Jhansi. This town holds relics of temples and man-made water bodies of the Chandela Dynasty.
Klackenbergia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the gentian family (Gentianaceae) and the tribe Exaceae. It only contains two species, both endemic to Madagascar. They are notable for their inflorescence with characteristic long bracts and bracteoles andsub-sessile flowers arranged in axillary fascicules at eachnode. The genus is named after Jens Klackenberg (1951-).
Hermanus Hendrikus (\"Henk\") Steeman (15 January 1894 in Rotterdam – 16 February 1979 in the Hague) was a football (soccer) player from the Netherlands, who represented his home country at the 1920 Summer Olympics. There he won the bronze medal with the Netherlands national football team. A player of Sparta Rotterdam, Steeman obtained a total number of 13 caps for Holland, from 1919 to 1925.
Wąsosz Dolny [ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Popów, 15 km (9 mi) north of Kłobuck, and 89 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 238.
Higashi-Matsushima City (東松島市 Higashimatsushima-shi) is a city located in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. As of June 2014, the city had an estimated population of 39,689 and a population density of 390 persons per km². The total area was 101.86 km².
Martin Kneser (21 January 1928 – 16 February 2004) was a German mathematician. His father Hellmuth Kneser and grandfather Adolf Kneser were also mathematicians. He obtained his PhD in 1950 from Humboldt University of Berlin with the dissertation: Über den Rand von Parallelkörpern. His advisor was Erhard Schmidt. His name has been given to Kneser graphs which he studied in 1955. He also gave a simplified proof of the Fundamental theorem of algebra. His main publications were on quadratic forms and algebraic groups.
Colletogyne is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species making up the genus is Colletogyne perrieri. Colletogyne is endemic to northern Madagascar and is found growing in only one small region abundant with limestone. Much like the other genera in Araceae found exclusively in Madagascar Colletogyne is believed to be one of the most advanced aroids with regards to its flowers and pollen structure. Colletogyne has heart shaped leaves and is tuberous. The spathe is white with purple spots and the spadix has red spots. It is often found growing in humus in and amongst limestone.
Wiślica [viˈɕlit͡sa] is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiślica. It lies on the Nida River, approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce. In 2006 the village had a population of 680.
Richard Bentley (/ˈbɛntli/; 27 January 1662 – 14 July 1742) was an English classical scholar, critic, and theologian. He was Master of Trinity College, Cambridge. Bentley was the first Englishman to be ranked with the great heroes of classical learning and was known for his literary and textual criticism. Called the \"founder of historical philology\", Bentley is credited with the creation of the English school of Hellenism.
Podsośnina Łukowska [pɔtsɔɕˈnina wuˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowa, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łukowa, 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj, and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 169.
Dirmuli (Persian: ديرمولي‎‎, also Romanized as Dīrmūlī; also known as Deh Mūlā) is a village in Avalan Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 31 families.
Edith Grace Houghton (February 10, 1912 – February 2, 2013) was an American professional baseball player and scout. A former shortstop in women's baseball whose professional career began when she was ten years old, Houghton became the first female scout in Major League Baseball when she joined the talent-spotting staff of the Philadelphia Phillies of the National League in 1946. She served in that role until 1952, when she returned to active service in the United States Navy. She had joined the WAVES during World War II.
Ben (Persian: بن‎‎, also Romanized as Bain and Ban) is a city in and the capital of Ben District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,699, in 3,141 families.
The Plank is a 1967 British slapstick comedy short film made by Associated London Films. It follows the misadventures of two builders who require a floorboard. It was written and directed by Eric Sykes, and produced by Jon Penington. The story was based on an episode of Eric Sykes' BBC comedy series Sykes and a... from 1964, called 'Sykes and A Plank'. Although not strictly a silent film, it is unusual in having little dialogue; instead, the film is punctuated by grunts, other vocal noises and sound effects. The cast features many of the top comedians and comic actors of the time.
Chak Chak (Persian: چك چك‎‎ – \"Drip-Drip\", also Romanized as Chek Chek; also known as Chāhak-e Ardakān and Pir-e Sabz (Persian: پیر سبز‎‎) \"The Green Pir\") is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. The village consists of a pir perched beneath a towering cliff face in the desert of central Iran. It is the most sacred of the mountain shrines of Zoroastrianism. Located near the city of Ardakan in Yazd Province, Chak Chak serves as a pilgrimage point for pious Zoroastrians. Each year from June 14–18 many thousands of Zoroastrians from Iran, India and other countries flock to the fire temple at Pir-e Sabz. Tradition has it that pilgrims are to stop riding the moment they catch sight of the temple and complete the last leg of their journey on foot. In Zoroastrian belief, Chak Chak is where Nikbanou, second daughter of the last pre-Islamic Persian ruler, Yazdegerd III of the Sassanid Empire, was cornered by the invading Arab army in 640 CE. Fearing capture Nikbanou prayed to Ahura Mazda to protect her from her enemies. In response to Nikbanou's pleadings, the mountain miraculously opened up and sheltered her from the invaders. Notable features of Chak Chak include the ever-dripping spring located at the mountain. Legend has it that these drops are tears of grief that the mountain sheds in remembrance of Nikbanou. Growing beside the holy spring is an immense and ancient tree said to be Nikbanou's cane. Legend also has it that a petrified colorful cloth from Nikbanou was also visible in the rocks, although pilgrims have since removed it. The actual temple of Chak Chak is a man-made grotto sheltered by two large bronze doors. The shrine enclosure is floored with marble and its walls are darkened by fires kept eternally burning in the sanctuary. In the cliffs below the shrine are several roofed pavilions constructed to accommodate pilgrims.
Stiftsgården is the royal residence in Trondheim, Norway. It is centrally situated on the city’s most important thoroughfare, Munkegaten. At 140 rooms constituting 4000 m² (43000 ft²), it is possibly the largest wooden building in Northern Europe, and it has been used by royals and their guests since 1800.
Gemma Louise Prescott (born 25 September 1983 in Truro) is a British Paralympian track and field athlete competing in F32 throwing events. Prescott represented England in the 2010 Commonwealth Games, taking the bronze medal in the SP shot put. She has represented the Great Britain team twice in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Arkhud (Persian: ارخود‎‎, also Romanized as Arkhūd) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,332, in 329 families.
Aurora: Operation Intercept is a 1995 film directed by Paul Levine and starring Bruce Payne, Lance Henriksen and John Stockwell. The \"Aurora\" is a secret hypersonic military aircraft based at Groom Lake. It is very similar to what aviation experts assume to be the Aurora aircraft. In the film, it is being stolen by a Russian terrorist who tries to destroy the White House. The propulsion system is a \"combined cycle\" conventional/scramjet engine.
Drawa [ˈdrava] (German: Groß Sonnenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
Baroda Management Association is an autonomous, professional body, non-political & non-profit body based at Vadodara, Gujarat, India. It's affiliated to All India Management Association, Delhi. It's registered under the Bombay Public Trust Act, 1950. It was founded by leading managers and industrialists on May 29, 1957. In year 2012-13, it crossed Rs 1 Crore as revenue. BMA has instituted a national level Sayaji Ratna Award in 2013 to mark the 151st birth anniversary of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III. The recipients are N R Narayana Murthy and Ratan Tata.
Battlefield Heroes (Hangul: 평양성; RR: Pyeongyangseong) is a 2011 South Korean war comedy film directed by Lee Joon-ik. The film is a sequel to the 2003 film Once Upon a Time in a Battlefield and stars Jung Jin-young, Lee Moon-sik and Ryu Seung-ryong. The film is set in 668 and chronicles the war between the southern Korean state of Shilla against the larger northern Korean state of Goguryeo. The film's box office returns were lower than expected in South Korea, which prompted Lee Joon-ik to announce his retirement shortly after the film's release. The film has been shown at the New York Asian Film Festival and Fantasia Festival.
Ship's Concert is a 1937 British musical film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Claude Hulbert, Joyce Kirby and Henry Kendall. It was made as a quota quickie at Teddington Studios by the British subsidiary of Warner Brothers.
Eslamabad Qanat Shahbaz (Persian:  اسلام‌آباد قنات شهباز ‎‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 14 families.
Surgical Meth Machine is an industrial metal album by Al Jourgensen's project of the same name. It was released on April 15, 2016. The album was conceived by Jourgensen and engineer Sam D'Ambruoso as a tribute to the late guitarist Mike Scaccia, who Jourgensen called \"probably the best shredder guitar player who walked this planet\" – to this end, the project was planned to resemble the song \"Side FX Include Mikey's Middle Finger (TV 4)\" from From Beer to Eternity, with all songs clocking over at least 220 beats per minute. The project changed direction, however, when Jourgensen moved from Texas to California and got a medical marijuana card; according to Jourgensen, after this, \"the record seemed to slow down considerably.\"
Bright is the self-titled fourth album by Japanese girl group Bright. The girls adopted a sexier image for the album, posing nude for the cover as well as additional pictures in the album booklet. Additional changes in image were Nagi dying her hair red, and Nanaka and Meg dying theirs blonde.
M. DuMont Schauberg is one of Germany's oldest and largest publishing houses. Founded by Bertram Hilden in 1620, Marcus du Mont acquired the Kölnische Zeitung in 1805 – then the business's main newspaper. The company has been run by the Neven du Mont family since then and has acquired numerous local and national newspapers and magazines. The company's headquarters is located in Cologne. The largest newspaper published by M. DuMont Schauberg is the Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger, published since 1876. It has the largest circulation in the Cologne/Bonn Region.
Special Killers (Italian title: La ragazza di via Condotti, French title: Meurtres à Rome or Le crime de la via Condotti, Spanish title: La chica de via Condotti) is a 1973 Italian-French-Spanish crime-thriller film directed by German Lorente. The film stars are Frederick Stafford, Femi Benussi, Claude Jade and Michel Constantin.
All tracks composed by Curtis Mayfield; except where indicated 1.  \n*  Introduction 2.  \n*  “Ice 9” 3.  \n*  “Back to the World” 4.  \n*  “It's Alright”/”Amen” 5.  \n*  “Gypsy Woman” 6.  \n*  “Freddie's Dead” 7.  \n*  “Pusherman” 8.  \n*  “We've Gotta Have Peace” 9.  \n*  “We've Only Just Begun” (Paul Williams, Roger Nichols) 10.  \n*  “People Get Ready” 11.  \n*  “Move On Up” 12.  \n*  \"(Don't Worry) If There's a Hell Below, We're All Going to Go\" 13.  \n*  “When Seasons Change”
Suzana Kostić (born December 31, 1961) is a Serbian conductor, music educator and music scholar. Her performance specialties are choral music and large-scale works for solo voices, chorus, and orchestra. She is also known for the premiere performances of works by contemporary Balkan composers.
Centaurea sadleriana (Pannonian knapweed) is a Pannonian sub-endemic plant, mostly found in the Pannonian Basin. It grows up to 2 m tall, and has purple or pinkish flowers, which blossom from May to late October. This plant likes dry habitats, prefers loess and sandy soil. It can be found on lowlands and also on hilly habitats. This species is not endangered yet, but the world population is so small (it grows only in Hungary and its border regions) that it has become protected in Hungary, and is listed on the European Red List of Endangered Plants.
New York is a lost 1916 American silent comedy drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Florence Reed. It is taken from a play by William J. Hurlbut. The film was distributed by the Pathé Exchange company.
Teshan is an upcoming 2016 Indian Punjabi-language romantic comedy film directed by Sukhbir Singh, written by Prince KJ Singh and starring Happy Raikoti and Diljott in lead roles, with Yograj Singh, Shavinder Mahal, Karamjit Anmol, Prince KJ Singh in supporting roles in the film. The Film is about the relations and simplicity of the village people, shown through different perspectives. The shooting commenced in Mar 2016 and release on 23 Sep 2016.
Hearts is an upcoming multilingual feature film by American-Somalian filmmaker Afdhere Jama. Hearts is a global project shot all over the world about men, poetry, and love. Project stars well known names like Nakshatra Bagwe, Nolan Lewis and Michael Sinan. Film is set to release in 2015.
Gabrielino High School (abbreviated GHS) is a public high school located on San Gabriel Boulevard in San Gabriel, California, 10 miles (16 km) east of downtown Los Angeles, serving the 9th to 12th grades. It was established in 1994. Gabrielino High School is accredited by Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
DRW Trading College Prep is a public 4-year charter high school located in the Homan Square in Chicago, Illinois. It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools. It is named after the DRW Trading Group, who created the school in partnership with Noble Network of Charter Schools. Through their partnership DRW Trading Group provides coaching, tutoring, and mentoring to its students. DRW College Prep is set to grow to a campus that will serve 800 students grades nine through twelve.
Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wierzbica, 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Chełm, and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
Marandiz (Persian: مارنديز‎‎, also Romanized as Mārandīz; also known as Mār Āndīz) is a village in Sahra Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 651, in 162 families.
Rrakala is the second album from Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu. It is performed in a mixture of both Yolngu and English. Gurrumul plays piano, drums, nylon-string acoustic guitar, electric and acoustic guitars. It reached number three on the ARIA charts. At the 2011 ARIA awards, Rrakala won the award for Best World Music Album. It was also nominated for album of the year, Best Male Artist, Best Independent Release and Best Cover Artist.Gurrumul performed a version of \"Warwu\" with Missy Higgins at the award ceremony.
Springfield is a 1996 album by Carole Fredericks. It features a cover of Edwin Hawkins’ \"Oh Happy Day\", the traditional \"Silent Night\", \"You Had It Comin’\", a duet with her brother blues musician Taj Mahal, and the pop single, \"Run Away Love\", which was the theme song to the 1998 Jean-Paul Belmondo film Une Chance Sur Deux. The album was recorded in English and released in France, Belgium and Switzerland. The album was released in the United States in 2002. Springfield won Best Gospel Album, and singles from the album, \"Shine\" and \"Save My Soul,\" took Best Gospel Song and Best Gospel Song 2nd Place in the 2004 JPF Music Awards. In the 2008 International Songwriting Competition, \"Reason To Stay\" won Honorable Mention in the Blues category, and \"Shine\" won Honorable Mention in the Gospel/Christian category.
Flash is the second and final album by Electric Food. Soon after its release, the core of band formed Asterix and recorded one album: Asterix. Less than a year later Asterix would change their name to Lucifer's Friend. In 2004 Electric Food and Flash were released on one CD by Mason Records. Both Electric Food albums sound very similar to Lucifer's Friend's debut but include strong influences from Led Zeppelin, Uriah Heep, and Spooky Tooth.
Aglaia soepadmoi is a tree in the Meliaceae family. It grows up to 7 metres (20 ft) tall. The fruits are roundish, up to 2 cm (1 in) in diameter. The tree is named for botanist and editor of Tree Flora of Sabah and Sarawak Engkik Soepadmo. Habitat is forests from sea-level to 1,100 metres (3,600 ft) altitude. A. soepadmoi is found in Sumatra and Borneo.
Ali Rezai (Persian: عليرضا‎‎, also Romanized as ‘Ālī Reẕā’ī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Verticordia drummondii is a flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is an erect, openly- to densely-branched shrub with small, narrow leaves and pink to purple flowers in small heads near the ends of the branches.
Holy Cross Catholic Secondary School (sometimes abbreviated to HC, or HCSS) is a Catholic secondary school located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada offering education for about 1,250 students in grades 9-12. It is one of three Catholic high schools in the city. The principal is Ian Stuart.
The ArcelorMittal Orbit (often referred to as the Orbit Tower or simply just the Orbit) is a 114.5-metre-tall (376 ft) sculpture and observation tower in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford, London. It is Britain's largest piece of public art, and is intended to be a permanent lasting legacy of London's hosting of the 2012 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games, assisting in the post-Olympics regeneration of the Stratford area. Sited between the Olympic Stadium and the Aquatics Centre, it allows visitors to view the whole Olympic Park from two observation platforms. Orbit was designed by Turner-Prize winning artist Sir Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond of engineering Group Arup. Announced on 31 March 2010, it was expected to be completed by December 2011. The project came about after Mayor of London Boris Johnson and Olympics Minister Tessa Jowell decided in 2008 that the Olympic Park needed \"something extra\". Designers were asked for ideas for an \"Olympic tower\" at least 100 metres (330 ft) high, and Orbit was the unanimous choice from proposals considered by a . Kapoor and Balmond believed that Orbit represented a radical advance in the architectural field of combining sculpture and structural engineering, and that it combined both stability and instability in a work that visitors can engage with and experience via an incorporated spiral walkway. It has been both praised and criticised for its bold design, and has especially received criticism as a vanity project of questionable lasting use or merit as a public art project. The project was expected to cost £19.1 million, with £16 million coming from Britain's richest man, the steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal, Chairman of the ArcelorMittal steel company, and the balance of £3.1 million coming from the London Development Agency. The name \"ArcelorMittal Orbit\" combines the name of Mittal's company, as chief sponsor, with \"Orbit\", the original working title for Kapoor and Balmond's design. The ArcelorMittal Orbit closed after the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, while the South Plaza area of the Park (in which Orbit is positioned) underwent reconstruction for its long-term legacy use as a public outdoor space. It re-opened to the public on 5 April 2014. The structure is being modified to incorporate the world's tallest and longest (178 metres) tunnel slide, designed by Carsten Höller. The idea was originally envisioned by the London Legacy Development Corporation as a way to attract more visitors to the tower. The slide, which will incorporate transparent sections to give a \"different perspective\" of the twisting red tower, was completed in June 2016 and will cost £17 a ride rather than the projected £5. This follows an option to abseil down the tower, which was introduced in 2014.
Routine Love Story is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sundeep Kishan and Regina Cassandra. The movie is directed by Praveen Sattaru, who earlier made LBW (Life Before Wedding) and produced by Chanakya Booneti. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Mickey J Meyer. The film was Released on 23 November 2012 along with Nagarjuna's Dhamarukam and both the films got a good start at the Box Office in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and other parts of the world.
ThreeSixty is Hong Kong's largest retailer of natural foods and organic foods. It is a member of Dairy Farm group, a leading pan-Asian retailer. It offers earth friendly household products, non-chemically based personal care items and wellness-related lifestyle products. Its target customers are middle class families and its retail prices are higher than other supermarkets.
The FTE automotive Group is a German automotive manufacturing company specialized in the sector of drive train and brake system applications for the automotive industry. The company supplies all notable automobile manufacturers and employs over 3800 employees at 11 production sites around the world. FTE automotive is based in Ebern, Bavaria, Germany. The company is owned by Bain Capital.
The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society is the sixth studio album by the English rock group the Kinks, released in November 1968. It was the last album by the original quartet, as bassist Pete Quaife left the group in early 1969. A collection of vignettes of English life, The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society was assembled from songs written and recorded over the previous two years. Although the record is widely considered one of the most influential and important works by the Kinks, it failed to chart upon release, selling about 100,000 copies. In 2003 the album was ranked number 255 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
Doing The Most is the independent debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Kirby Maurier, released on July 31, 2015 by Valholla Entertainment. Doing The Most features production entirely by Haitian-American producer-songwriter Vegas Fontaine. All of the songs were written by Maurier with the exception of “Iz U Wit It” which was co-written by Fontaine. Valholla Entertainment Chairman and CEO Vince Valholla serves as the album’s executive producer alongside Maurier and Fontaine. Current singles from the album include “Iz U Wit It” “S.P.P. (Sweet Potato Pie)” and \"Paradise\". Upon its release, Doing The Most earned regional success within the United States.
Suva Reka or Suhareka (Albanian: Suharekë/Therandë, Serbian: Сува Река) also known as Theranda, is a town and municipality in the Prizren district of southern Kosovo. According to the 2011 census, the total population of the municipality is 59,722. Albanians form the absolute majority of the town (98.9%), while other small ethnic groups include Ashkali and Balkan Egyptians, and others. It is located 18 kilometres (11 miles) from Prizren, and 57 km (35 mi) from Pristina.
Bogutovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Богутовац) is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo, western-central Serbia. In the village there are mineral water springs. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 547 people. Bogutovac is mentioned briefly in Michael Moore's hit film Bowling for Columbine.
Hycor Biomedical, Inc., is an American corporation specializing in the manufacture and supply of high-quality in vitro diagnostic products. Majority owned by Linden Capital Partners, Hycor Biomedical's headquarters is located in Indianapolis, Indiana, but also has offices in Garden Grove, California, and Kassel, Germany. Hycor Biomedical mainly produces tests and equipment relating to Allergy and Autoimmune Disease. Current equipment released by Hycor includes the HYTEC 288 Plus and the HYCOR Ultra-Sensitive EIA. Currently, Hycor Biomedical has an estimated 14% market share in allergy testing, second to Thermo Fisher Scientific's Phadia. To increase its market share, Hycor has divested its urinalysis products, KOVA, and is focusing on improving allergy and autoimmune in vitro diagnostics.
Boys Town is Nasty Idols fifth album release after 2002's Heroes for Sale. It is largely seen as a return to the sound that made them well known in Sweden with their albums Cruel Intention and Vicious. It is the band's first album with drummer Rikki Dahl, who replaced Stanley in the band's recent tours.
SMA Kolese Gonzaga is a Catholic high school in Pejaten, South Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia, established in 1987. It began as a boys' school but has accepted girls since 1990. It was originally named as Kolese Kanisius Unit Selatan (English: Canisius College, Southern Unit) and got its current name in 1990. Its nicknames are Gonz and GC (Gonzaga College).
Radiówek [raˈdjuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wiązowna, 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Otwock, and 23 km (14 mi) east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 240.
Tolombeh-ye Hoseyn Ghafrani (Persian: تلمبه حسين غفراني‎‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩoseyn Ghafrānī) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
2U (formerly 2tor Inc.) is an educational technology company that partners with leading nonprofit colleges and universities to offer online degree programs. The company supplies its partner universities with a cloud-based software-as-a-service platform coupled with a suite of technology-enabled services, including coursework design, infrastructural support and capital to deliver instruction to students. 2U was founded in 2008 by John Katzman (founder of The Princeton Review). Co-founders include Chip Paucek (former CEO of Hooked on Phonics) and Jeremy Johnson; Paucek remains with the company as CEO. In May 2012, Forbes named 2U as one of the “10 Start-Ups Changing the World.” In 2014, Inc. Magazine named 2U one of “10 Tech Companies Helping Humanity.” The company went public on March 28, 2014, and raised $119 million by offering 9.2 million shares at $13 per share. 2U is traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol TWOU. Prior to its IPO, the company was venture-backed and raised $96 million. Investors included Bessemer Venture Partners, Highland Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures, Novak Biddle Venture Partners, City Light Capital, SVB Capital and WestRiver Capital. Business Model: 2U is not a traditional for-profit education company because it does not confer or offer any degrees. 2U provides its university partners with cloud-based software-as-a-service solutions to create online degree programs that feature live video classes, as well as a socially-inclined online learning platform that allows for close interaction between students and professors. The approach, which the company refers to as No Back Row™, also includes a focus on student outcomes with small class sizes, career services, and field placements. This approach has led to a student retention rate of 84 percent. Students pay standard tuition, but instead of going to class once a week, they meet in a live video chat room with the professor and the other students.2U signs long-term contracts, averaging between 10–15 years in length, with each of its partner universities. Contracts include a revenue sharing agreement between 2U and the school.Course content is also enhanced for mobile devices. 2U's \"Semester Online\" consortium of undergraduate universities included: Boston College, Brandeis University, Emory University, Northwestern, The University of Melbourne, Trinity College of Dublin, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, University of Notre Dame, Wake Forest University, and Washington University in St. Louis. The consortium was initially marketed as a platform for top-tier universities to offer online courses to paying students at participating universities. The company announced in April 2014 that Semester Online would end in the summer of 2014.
Two is the second studio album by Australian recording artist Lenka. It was released on 19 April 2011 in the United States through Epic Records and on 28 February 2011 in Singapore. The album was Lenka's second solo album after having been a member of the group Decoder Ring. The first single from the album, \"Heart Skips a Beat\", was released on 11 February 2011 to little commercial success. Because of this lack of success, Two failed to chart as well as its predecessor, Lenka (2008).
Daughter of Eve was released on November 30 in the year 2000 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson. It peaked at #59 at the Swedish album chart.
Mubarakpur is a village in Bhulath Tehsil in Kapurthala district of Punjab State, India. It is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from Bhulath, 27 kilometres (17 mi) away from district headquarter Kapurthala. The village is administrated by a sarpanch, an elected representative of the village.
Actions Semiconductor Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 炬力集成; pinyin: Jùlì Jíchéng) is a Chinese fabless semiconductor company founded in 2000 and headquartered in Zhuhai, Guangdong province. The company has an about 600 employees and designs SoCs for tablets, digital audio players, photo viewers and related products.
The soundtrack album of the sixth season of HBO series Game of Thrones, titled Game of Thrones: Season 6, was released digitally on June 24, 2016, and later released on CD on July 29, 2016. The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard's Soundtracks chart, and the track from the season finale \"Light of the Seven\" reached No. 1 on Billboard's Spotify Viral 50 chart. The \"Light of the Seven\" is the first time piano is used in the music for Game of Thrones. The album was composed by Ramin Djawadi.
Christmas is the first Christmas album and tenth studio album overall from American new-age pianist Kevin Kern, and the first to be released on his own label, Kevin Kern Music. As with his other albums, it is an album of instrumental songs, in this case instrumental covers of Christmas carols and hymns. It was released on October 15, 2012.
Into the Blues is the sixteenth studio album by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading, released on 1 May 2007. The album was recorded by Armatrading at Bumpkin Studios, her own purpose built studios. It was released on the 429 label (17625) and on the Hypertension label (HYP 7255). The album was released in 2008 as a deluxe edition, with a DVD.
Jordan Kuwait Bank, a Jordanian public shareholding company, was founded in 1976 and has successfully evolved into a major player in the Jordanian banking system over the last few years. The bank currently operates a domestic network of 52 branches and offices distributed throughout Jordan in addition to two branches in Palestine and a branch (IBU) in Cyprus. The bank’s paid-up capital was gradually increased from JD 5 million in 1976 to JD 100 million (USD 141m) in 2008. According to the bank's website, its philosophy rests on the concept of bringing capital into Jordan from other Arab countries, especially Kuwait.
Dadghan (Persian: دادغان‎‎, also Romanized as Dādghān; also known as Dādeqān, Dehghān, and Dehqān) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Justin Boots is an American western and equine footwear brand. It is a division of Justin Brands, itself owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Other brands are Tony Lama Boots, Nocona Boots, Chippewa Boots, and Justin Original Workboots.
A Fortress in the Mountains (Russian: Zastava v gorakh) is a 1953 Soviet adventure film directed by Vladimir Gerasimov and Konstantin Yudin and starring Vladlen Davydov, Marina Kuznetsova and Yelena Shatrova. It was made by Mosfilm using the Sovcolor process. It was the third most successful Soviet film at the box office that year, with attendance figures of 44.8 million. The film is an early Cold War action thriller, set in Central Asia,
Enclave (Serbian: Enklava, Енклава) is a 2015 German-Serbian co-produced drama film directed by Goran Radovanović. It was one of six films shortlisted by Serbia to be their submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. On 3 September 2015 it was selected to represent Serbia for the Foreign Language Oscar. The main theme of the film is life of Kosovo Serbs in small isolated communities, called enclaves.
Thelema.6 is the fifth album by extreme metal band Behemoth. The album was recorded and mixed at the Hendrix Studios in Poland in July and August 2000 and was then mastered at the High-End Studio in Warsaw, Poland in 2000. The album was re-released in 2000 as a limited digipak edition that was limited to only 1,000 copies. An enhanced audio disc with a video for the song Christians to the Lions was included with the release.
Old First Reformed Church – officially known as The Reformed Dutch Church of the Town of Breukelen – is a historic Dutch Reformed church at 126 7th Avenue on the corner of Carroll Street in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, New York. The congregation was founded in 1654. The current church building was constructed in 1888-1893 and is a Late Gothic Revival style Indiana limestone building on a granite base. It measures 100 feet wide and 162 feet deep. The front facade features a 212 foot high stone tower and spire. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Chasing Girls is a 1981 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Karl Maka and starring Dean Shek, Flora Cheong-Leen, Nancy Lau and Eric Tsang. It was the second film produced by Cinema City, a film company established by Shek, producer/director Maka and screenwriter Raymond Wong.
Ławki [ˈwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łuków and 82 km (51 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
Rafflesia lobata is a parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia. It is endemic to the Philippine island of Panay, particularly the mountains of Antique and Iloilo provinces. This is the second species recorded from the island of Panay. One of the most distinctive features of Rafflesia lobata is that some populations have flowers with a lobed diaphragm that opens outward. Nearly all other Rafflesia (and Sapria) species have diaphragms that curve inward. This feature is polymorphic in R. lobata (at least as the species is currently defined). As shown in the photos below, in some populations the diaphragm curves inward and may be 3- or 6-lobed. Note the 6-lobed flower also has 6 perigone lobes. It remains to be seen whether flower merousity has phylogenetic significance that should be taxonomically recognized. Some populations of R. manillana, such as one at Bolos Point, Cagayan Valley, Luzon, also have flowers with lobed, outwardly curving diaphragms. The name of the species was derived from its distinctive lobed diaphragm. The first population of R. lobata was discovered by the local conservation group studying Philippine Spotted Deer (Cervus alfredi).
Filmworks X: In the Mirror of Maya Deren features a score for film by John Zorn. The album was released on Zorn's own label, Tzadik Records, in 2001 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for the documentary film In the Mirror of Maya Deren on the life and work of Maya Deren directed by Martina Kudlácek.
Chaappa Kurish (Malayalam: ചാപ്പാ കുരിശ്, English: Heads or Tails) is a 2011 Malayalam thriller film co-written and directed by Sameer Thahir and starring Vineeth Sreenivasan, Fahadh Faasil, Roma Asrani, Remya Nambeesan and Nivetha Thomas in the lead roles. The film started production in April 2011 at Kochi and released on 14 July. The film is the directorial debut of Thahir. The film was remade in Tamil as Pulivaal with Prasanna and Vimal.
Darreh Geru-ye Olya (Persian: دره گروعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Darreh Gerū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Gerūh Bālā, Darreh Gerū-ye Bālā, and Darreh Gorūh ‘Olyā) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 205, in 39 families.
Cheshmeh Rahman (Persian: چشمه رحمان‎‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Raḩmān and Cheshmeh-ye Raḩmān) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 324, in 81 families.
Shivaay is a 2016 upcoming Indian action thriller film directed and produced by Ajay Devgan under his banner Ajay Devgn FFilms. It features Ajay Devgn, Sayyeshaa Saigal, and Erika Kaar in lead roles. Mithoon has composed the film's score and soundtrack. British band The Vamps is also the part of music. Shivaay is scheduled to release on 28 October 2016 on the Diwali weekend.
Bartlett House, also known as the Hotel Bartlett, is a historic railroad hotel located at Ghent, Columbia County, New York. It was built about 1870, and is a three-story, five bay by five bay, square, Italianate style brick building on a raised basement. It features a full width front porch at the primary story and decorative cornice. The name BARTLETT HOUSE appears in white lettering between the second and third stories. .
HARBORCENTER is a hockey-themed mixed-use development in Buffalo, New York. The building occupies a full 1.7 acre city block formerly known as the Webster Block, directly across from and connected to the KeyBank Center and Canalside. The building is also located near the southern terminus of the Erie Canal Harbor (Metro Rail) station. The building is part of an overall effort to improve the Buffalo Waterfront.
Heavier Than Heaven, Lonelier Than God is the second full-length album by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted, released through Deathwish Inc. on April 1, 2008 in both CD and vinyl format.
Bratucice [bratuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzezawa, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Rzezawa, 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Bochnia, and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków. The village has a population of 700.
Maria Hendrika Leonarda \"Myriam\" Steenman (born Steenman on 17 April 1950) is a retired Dutch rower. She competed at the pre1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics in the coxed fours and finished in respectively first and in fifth place. She won a European title in this event in 1973, won a silver medal at the 1974 World Championships and finished fifth at the 1975 World Championships. Until 1975 she competed under her maden name Steenman, and since 1976 as van Rooijen-Steenman.
The Other Woman (released in the United Kingdom as Love and Other Impossible Pursuits) is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Don Roos. The film is based on the Ayelet Waldman novel Love and Other Impossible Pursuits, and distributed by Incentive Film Distribution in the US. The film stars Natalie Portman, Lisa Kudrow, Scott Cohen, and Charlie Tahan.
The United States Courthouse, located in Des Moines, Iowa, is the headquarters for the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa. It is part of the Civic Center Historic District that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Guru Teg Bahadur Public School is an higher-secondary co-education private school in the Patiala city of Punjab, India. The school was founded in 1990 and is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education of India.
Chah-e Aruj Ali Joghatayi (Persian: چاه عروج علي جغتايي‎‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿArūj ʿAlī Joghatāyī) is a village in Joghatai Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 17 families.
IBM Global Services, a division of IBM, is the world's largest business and technology services provider. It employs over 190,000 people across more than 160 countries. IBM Global Services started in the spring of 1991, with the aim towards helping companies manage their IT operations and resources. Global Services has two major divisions: Global Business Services (GBS) and Global Technology Services (GTS).
Cinco besos (English: Five kisses) is a 1946 Argentine comedy film, directed by Luis Saslavsky and written by the own Saslavsky and Ariel Cortazzo. It premiered on March 8, 1946.
Vengo Naciendo (Being Born) is an album released by Cuban singer-songwriter Pablo Milanés in January 12, 1999. The album earned Milanés a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album.
Pouteria howeana, commonly known as Axe-handle Wood, is a species of small tree in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in the lowlands of Lord Howe Island, and early settlers used its hard wood to make axes.
Peter Rowan is the first solo album by the country rock / bluegrass musician Peter Rowan. Guest musicians are Peter's brother Lorin Rowan (piano), Flaco Jimenez (accordion), and Richard Greene (fiddle).
Sheykh Isa (Persian: شيخ عيسي‎‎, also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Īsá) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
RoboCop is a 2014 American cyberpunk science fiction action film directed by José Padilha and written by Joshua Zetumer, Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner. It is a remake of the 1987 film of the same name also written by Neumeier and Miner. The film stars Joel Kinnaman as the title character, with Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton, Samuel L. Jackson, Abbie Cornish and Jackie Earle Haley in supporting roles. Screen Gems first announced a remake in 2005, but it was halted one year later. Darren Aronofsky and David Self were originally assigned to direct and write the film, respectively, for a tentative 2010 release. The film was delayed numerous times, and Padilha signed on in 2011. In March 2012, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (successor company to Orion Pictures until September 11, 2014, the studio that released the original film) announced an August 2013 release, but that was then changed to February 2014. The principal characters were cast from March to July 2012. Principal photography began in September 2012 in Toronto and Vancouver in Canada, with additional locations in Hamilton, in Canada, and Detroit in the United States. The film was released in the United States on February 12, 2014. RoboCop received mixed reviews, with praise for the performances, updates, style and political/media satire, but criticism for its lack of violence, social satire and humor compared to the original film, and grossed $242 million against its $100 million budget.
Al Ain English Speaking School (AAESS) is a coeducational independent all-through school, catering for all ages three to eighteen; Nursery, Primary, Secondary and Sixth Form. The school was founded in 1978, and has been expanded and enhanced considerably since then due to its popularity. The school was significantly refurbished both inside and out during the summer of 2014. The curriculum and approach to teaching and learning are based upon the English educational model, with the inclusion of Arabic Language, Arabic Social Studies and Islamic Education (for Muslim children).
Forestview High School is a public high school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Gastonia, NC. Its attendance range covers the central portion of southern Gaston County and includes the southern portions of the City of Gastonia, as well as the community of Boogertown, and the surrounding rural area. Chad Carper serves as principal. Assistant principals are Ron Brown, Jennifer Cabe, Janet Ramsey, and Angela Sorenson. Alan Stewart serves as athletic director.
Sale is a city situated in the Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. It had an estimated urban population of 14,716 at June 2015. Sale has seen much development and redevelopment in the past decade, one example being the multimillion-dollar redevelopment of the city's Port of Sale.
New Congo Square is the third studio album released by the New Orleans-based Afro-Cuban jazz group Los Hombres Calientes, co-led by trumpeter Irvin Mayfield and Bill Summers. This marks the band's first album without drummer Jason Marsalis.
Vaccaria is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the pink family containing the single species Vaccaria hispanica. It is known by several common names including cowherb, cowcockle, cow basil, cow soapwort, and prairie carnation. Its subspecies were previously treated as separate species. It is an annual herb with blue-gray, waxy herbage and pale pink flowers. It is native to Eurasia but can be found in many other regions as an introduced species and a common weed. The seeds of Vaccaria are used in Chinese medicine. This medicinal ingredient is known as Wang Bu Liu Xing. It is supposed to promote diuresis and milk secretion, activate blood circulation and relieve swelling.
Gangster Exchange is a 2009 film written and directed by Dean Bajramovic. The film debuted at the Beverly Hills Film Festival on April 3, 2009, where it won the Audience Choice for Best Film.
Hexalectris colemanii (Coleman's crested coralroot) is a terrestrial, myco-heterotrophic orchid lacking chlorophyll and subsisting entirely on nutrients obtained from mycorrhizal fungi in the soil. It is a very rare species endemic to southern Arizona, known from only three counties (Pima, Cochise and Santa Cruz). It is closely related to H. revoluta and the two are sometimes considered varieties of the same species.
Nochevo (Bulgarian: Ночево) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 178.616 kilometres (110.987 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 12.911 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 95 people.
Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Uniejów, 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Poddębice, and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Trevoria is a genus of orchids native to southeastern Central America and northwestern South America. It grows in intermediate temperature and is found from Nicaragua and Costa Rica to Bolivia. Trevoria was described by FC Lehmann in 1897. A photo of this single plant is also in the new vol 6 of the book Native Colombian Orchids: Volume 6: Supplement: Leucohyle-Zootrophion (1998). The name is in honor of Sir Trevor Lawrence, a former president of The Royal Horticultural Society.
Ilvar-e Panj Dangeh (Persian: ايلوارپنجدانگه‎‎, also Romanized as Īlvār-e Panj Dāngeh) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 442, in 119 families.
Yung-Ping High School (aka YungPing and YongPing), officially named \"New Taipei City Yung-Ping High School\" (Chinese: 新北市立永平高級中學), originally founded in 1971 as a junior high school (grade 7–9), named \"Yung-Ping Junior High School\".In 1995, this school changed its name to the present one, combining senior high school (grade 10–12) and junior high school levels. It is the first local public high school in Yung-Ho City.
The Hastily Cobbled Together for a Fast Buck Album is a bootleg album (first issued in 1981) by Monty Python of unused material from the recording sessions of their Charisma albums, compiled by their producer Andre Jacquemin. Neither the compilation nor most of its contents have ever been officially released. A poor quality RealAudio of the bootleg was leaked online to the public in the early 2000s, and has been widely mirrored since.
Armstrong-CCM Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer. Based in Bolton, England. Alan Clews formed CCM in 1971 from what was left of BSA's off-road competition team and bought spares to produce his own motorcycles. This was a successful business and the Bolton factory was established. In 1981 Armstrong bought a majority share and Clews designed a road race competition motorcycle. They acquired the rights to the Rotax engine enduro motorcycle SWM XN Tornado from the Italian owners and developed the Armstrong MT500 military motorcycle used by the British Army in the Falklands War. For most of the 1980s Armstrong-CCM produced about 3,500 motocross and trail bikes, as well as the military off-road machines. Electric start models were built for the Jordanian and Canadian armed forces. In 1983, the Canadian company Bombardier Recreational Products licensed the brand and outsourced development and production of the Can-Am motorcycles to Armstrong-CCM, who produced Can-Ams until closure in 1987, when Armstrong sold the military motorcycle business to Harley Davidson and CCM back to Clews, who continue to produce motorcycles as of 2010. Armstrong's Road Racing department including plans, remaining stock, tooling and manufacturing rights were sold to Colin Hopper of CWH Developments in Lancashire. CWH produced the 350 cc CM36 engine for several years in the form of the CWH Armstrong F2 sidecar outfit and supplying parts for solo machines that were campaigned in races such as the Isle of Man TT and Manx Grand Prix up until the late 1990s. CWH's Armstrong equipe was later sold to a Super Kart manufacturer in Bolton, who in 2009 passed the CWH-Armstrong concern onto Rave Motorsports Ltd, in Surrey. The new company initially produced spare parts for existing machines with plans to re-manufacture replicas of the Armstrong CM36 250 cc and 350 cc road racers for the Post-Classic racing series. An official Rave Motorsport / Armstrong Road Racing relaunch was scheduled to take place at the Vintage Motorcycle Club's Festival of 1000 bikes at Mallory Park in July 2010, with several of the ex-Armstrong GP and TT riders displaying their machines.
Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County, California, in the Coachella Valley. Incorporated in 1967, it lies in between Palm Desert and the resort town of La Quinta. As of the 2013 census, the city population was 5,165. The city hosts the fifth-largest tennis tournament in the world, the Indian Wells Masters tennis tournament—presently known as the BNP Paribas Open. The Indian Wells Masters is one of nine ATP World Tour Masters 1000 high-level events operated by the Association of Tennis Professionals, and one of the four WTA Premier Mandatory tournaments of the Women's Tennis Association. It is held at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden, which contains the second-largest tennis-specific stadium in the world.
Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya (English Translation: If you loved someone, don't be afraid) is a 1998 Indian Bollywood romantic comedy film. Written and directed by Sohail Khan, the film stars his real-life brothers Salman Khan and Arbaaz Khan alongside Kajol and Dharmendra in pivotal roles. The film is shot in the famous school The Daly College, Indore.
Karl-Richard Frey (born 11 July 1991) is a German judoka. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the men's 100 kg. He finished in 5th place after losing to Cyrille Maret of France in the bronze medal match.
A Final Reckoning is a 1928 American Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor. The film is considered to be lost. It is based on a novel by G. A. Henty.
Robert F. Hall Catholic Secondary School (sometimes referred to as Hall or abbreviated as RFH) is a catholic school located in Caledon, Ontario, Canada. The school was named after Robert Francis (Bob) Hall (1925–1989), the first lay person after whom a catholic secondary school has been named in the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board. The patron saint of Hall is St. Francis of Assisi.
Vajuga (Serbian Cyrillic: Вајуга) is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Kladovo, in the district of Bor. In 2002, it had 563 inhabitants, of which the majority were Serbs. A necropolis with burials, ceramics and metal items dating to 8th century BC was unearthed at the Vajuga locality.
Sandy Denny and the Strawbs is a compilation album of songs by Sandy Denny and Strawbs. The album is a reworking of tapes recorded by the band in Copenhagen in the July 1967. Tracks from those recordings were first released on the Pickwick budget label in 1973 under the name All Our Own Work. The track listing on this album is slightly different and some of the songs have the original string arrangements that also were recorded in 1967.
We the Best Forever is the fifth studio album by DJ Khaled. It was released under We the Best Music Group, Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records, and Universal Motown Records on July 19, 2011 instead of June 28, 2011. It is his first album to be released on a major label, his first four albums being released on the independent label Koch Records, which later changed its name to E1 Music.
The Samuel Farnsworth House is a historic house at 537 Mountain Road in West Hartford, Connecticut. It is a 1-1/2 story wood frame structure with a front gable roof. Although the house is placarded 1807, it was probably built in 1797 by Samuel Farnsworth, and is one of the only two-room cottages from the period to survive. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 10, 1986.
President Gari Abbai (English: Son of President) is a 1987 Telugu film produced by A.V. Subba Rao on Prasad Art Productions banner and directed by Tatineni Rama Rao. The film stars Nandamuri Balakrishna, Suhasini and music was composed by Chakravarthy.
Crooked Little Thoughts is the thirteenth studio album by Australian rock band The Black Sorrows. The album was released as a 3CD + 72 page book package in February 2012. All tracks were written by Joe Camilleri and Nick Smith and each track is accompanied by a painting by Australian artist Victor Rubin.
David Hemmings Happens is the debut studio folk-pop album by former British boy soprano and actor David Hemmings released in 1967 on MGM Records, and included 9 songs. Hemmings once sang in his early youth with the English Opera Group before becoming an actor. The album was available in both mono and stereo, catalogue numbers MGM E/SE 4490. David Hemmings Happens was produced by Jim Dickson, arranged by Jimmy Bond and was recorded in Los Angeles, California. Guitarist Roger McGuinn, bassist Chris Hillman both of The Byrds and jazz drummer Ed Thigpen from the Oscar Peterson Trio are the session musicians for the album. The album has several covers: Tim Hardin's \"Reason To Believe\" and Bill Martin's \"After The Rain\". The songs \"Good King James\", \"Talkin' LA\", and \"War's Mystery\" were all co-written by David Hemmings.
The Odd Fellows Hall in Monticello, Iowa was built in 1871. It is a narrow, 20 feet (6.1 m) by 65 feet (20 m) Italianate commercial building. It was built for the Monticello Lodge No. 117 of the International Order of Odd Fellows (IOOF), that had been organized on March 16, 1858. The Odd Fellows group grew to a peak membership of 121 members, and at one point had an associated German-language lodge, William Tell #391 with 25 members, but the organization declined and was defunct by the 1920s. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. According to the 1985 nomination, it was the best-preserved Italianate, late 19th century, commercial building in Monticello.
Courtroom View Network (CVN), the media division of Courtroom Connect, is a US company webcasting video from civil trials. CVN is also the exclusive non-judicial provider of trials video to Westlaw.
Della Ferrera was an Italian motorcycle manufacturer active from 1909 to 1948. Four-valve motorcycles built by the company won events in the Trofeo Turistico Nazionale, at Cremona, and elsewhere. The company built a prototype for a cyclecar in 1924.
Wacław Franciszek Sierpiński (Polish: [ˈvat͡swaf fraɲˈt̠͡ɕiʂɛk ɕɛrˈpʲiɲskʲi] ) (March 14, 1882 – October 21, 1969) was a Polish mathematician. He was known for outstanding contributions to set theory (research on the axiom of choice and the continuum hypothesis), number theory, theory of functions and topology. He published over 700 papers and 50 books. Three well-known fractals are named after him (the Sierpinski triangle, the Sierpinski carpet and the Sierpinski curve), as are Sierpinski numbers and the associated Sierpiński problem.
The Dummy is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Robert Milton and written by Harriet Ford, Harvey J. O'Higgins, Herman J. Mankiewicz and Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The film stars Fredric March, John Cromwell, Fred Kohler, Mickey Bennett, Vondell Darr, Jack Oakie and ZaSu Pitts. The film was released on March 9, 1929, by Paramount Pictures.
Leica Biosystems (founded 1989) is a Medical Devices company that develops and supplies clinical diagnostics to the pathology market. It is also a research, instrument, and medical device company and a division of Danaher Corporation.
Nothofagus, also known as the southern beeches, is a genus of 43 species of trees and shrubs native to the Southern Hemisphere in southern South America (Chile, Argentina) and Australasia (east and southeast Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea and New Caledonia). The species are ecological dominants in many temperate forests in these regions. Some species are reportedly naturalised in Germany and Great Britain. The genus has a rich fossil record of leaves, cupules and pollen, with fossils extending into the late Cretaceous and occurring in Australia, New Zealand, Antarctica and South America. In the past, they were included in the family Fagaceae, but genetic tests revealed them to be genetically distinct, and they are now included in their own family, the Nothofagaceae (literally meaning \"false beeches\" or \"bastard beeches\"). The leaves are toothed or entire, evergreen or deciduous. The fruit is a small, flattened or triangular nut, borne in cupules containing one to seven nuts. Nothofagus species are used as food plants by the larvae of hepialid moths of the genus Aenetus, including A. eximia and A. virescens. Many individual trees are extremely old, and at one time, some populations were thought to be unable to reproduce in present-day conditions where they were growing, except by suckering (clonal reproduction), being remnant forest from a cooler time. Sexual reproduction has since been shown to be possible. Although the genus now mostly occurs in cool, isolated, high-altitude environments at temperate and tropical latitudes the fossil record shows that it survived in climates that appear to be much warmer than those that Nothofagus now occupies.
The South Superior Union Hall was built in 1921 in the southern part of what is now Superior, Wyoming. The hall was built by six locals of the United Mine Workers to accommodate union and community activities in the coal-mining community of Superior. Built in 1921, the two-story brick hall's plan is a parallelogram, though to be unique for its time in Wyoming. The hall housed doctors' and dentists' offices, a bowling alley and a grocery store. Dances were held in the upstairs meeting space.. With the closing of the Superior mines in the 1960s the union hall was sold in 1964. The hall was converted to a cafe, but the business did not prosper and the hall was abandoned. The South Superior Union Hall has been restored and is the center of an interpretive park. The South Superior Union Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Arctia Oy is Finnish state-owned company responsible for operating a Finnish icebreaker fleet. The company was established as Arctia Shipping Oy in 2010 when Finnish icebreaking services were incorporated. The name of the parent company was changed to Arctia Oy on 18 January 2016. It has following subsidiaries: Arctia Icebreaking Oy (conventional icebreakers), Arctia Offshore Oy (multipurpose icebreakers), Arctia Karhu Oy (port icebreakers and towing), and Arctia Management Services Oy. Arctia has a floating office next to the icebreaker base at Katajanokka in Helsinki. Arctia provides icebreaking services for Finnish Transport Agency during winter as well as for private companies in the offshore gas- and oilfields. In 2013 Antti Viirtala, the chairman of the company resigned because of scandal related to the sponsorships of his own curling club.
Lipinki [lʲiˈpʲiŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Warlubie, 25 km (16 mi) north of Świecie, 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz, and 68 km (42 mi) north of Toruń. The village has a population of 500.
Filmed in Egypt, Genenet Al Asmak جنينة الاسماك captures not only Cairo’s Grotto Gardens but also her wounded society- a city of repression. Filmed in long continuous takes, the film conveys a sense of the real Egypt, through the depiction of the lives of Laila and Youssef.
The Waynesboro Downtown Historic District is a national historic district in Waynesboro, Virginia. In 2002, it included 43 contributing buildings in the compact central business district of Waynesboro. The district includes churches, houses, mixed-use commercial buildings, banks, specialty stores, offices, a hotel, restaurants, and parking lots. Notable buildings include the First National Bank (1908–09), the LB&B Building (1929), and the General Wayne Hotel (1937-1938). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Ramsowo [ramˈsɔvɔ] (German Gross Ramsau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Barczewo and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. While traditionally Prussian, with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 590.
Get Wiser is the fourth studio album by the reggae band SOJA that was released in January 2006. The album release party was held at The State Theatre in Falls Church, Virginia and was filmed for the Get Wiser Live DVD.
Bridgewater-Raritan High School (commonly abbreviated as BRHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school. It is the lone secondary school of the Bridgewater-Raritan Regional School District serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Bridgewater Township and Raritan in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. The school has been recognized by the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program, the highest award an American school can receive. As of the 2013-14 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,866 students and 225.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.7:1. There were 186 students (6.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 60 (2.1% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Crytek USA was a video game developer based in Austin, Texas, owned by the German video game company Crytek. The studio was led by David L. Adams, who was formerly the CEO of Vigil Games; a studio that had been acquired by THQ, but was shut down as part of THQ's Chapter 11 bankruptcy on January 23, 2013. Adams was personally courted by Crytek's founder Cevat Yerli due to Vigil's work on the Darksiders series, and the trust and leadership of his studio's former staff—many of whom had also joined him at the studio. On July 30, 2014, following financial difficulties that prevented employees from being paid on time, and the resulting departure of the studio's leadership and most of its employees, Crytek announced that the studio's sole game in development, Hunt: Horrors of the Gilded Age, would be taken over by Crytek Frankfurt, and that Crytek USA would survive solely as a provider of support for third-party CryEngine licensees. The studios head, David L. Adams, formed Gunfire Games after he left Crytek USA
The Ford House Office Building is one of the four office buildings containing U.S. House of Representatives staff in Washington, D.C., on Capitol Hill. The Ford House Office Building is the only House Office Building that is not connected underground to either one of the other office buildings or to the Capitol itself, and the only House Office Building that does not contain offices of members of Congress. Instead, it primarily houses committee staff and other offices, including the Architect of the Capitol and the Congressional Budget Office.
Supertrios is a 1977 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner, his eleventh to be released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in April 1977 and features performances by Tyner with two rhythm sections; Ron Carter and Tony Williams or Eddie Gómez and Jack DeJohnette.
The Perfect Storm is the eighth studio album by American rapper Twista. The album was released on November 9, 2010. The album debuted with 14,939 copies at #38. As of 2014, the album has sold 61,000 copies . The album was produced mostly by The Legendary Traxster.
Hi-Fi Revival is the sixth album released by The O.C. Supertones. Hi Fi Revival was the first of three sessions the Supertones recorded in Franklin, Tennessee at Dark Horse Studios. Matt Morginsky and Ethan Luck lived together at this time and demoed over 50 songs for Hi Fi Revival in their basement. 17 of the un-used songs made it on to their side-project album, Grand Incredible. The rest of the demos were never released. CCM characterized the sound on this album as displaying stripped down ska core rhythms, with the horn section now \"providing color instead of the dominant sound.\"
Goldstein, Hill & West Architects (GHWA) is a New York City based architecture firm which works on the planning and design of high-rise residential and hospitality buildings, retail structures and multi-use complexes. They have participated in the design of prominent structures in the New York City metropolitan area. The firm was founded in 2009 by Alan Goldstein, L. Stephen Hill and David West. Its clients have included Extell Development Company, The Witkoff Group, The Trump Organization, Silverstein Properties, Tishman Speyer and The Lightstone Group.
Interpretations: Celebrating the Music of Earth, Wind and Fire is a tribute album to the R&B band Earth, Wind & Fire. The album was the first album to be released on the revived Stax label.
The Little David Years (1971–1977) is a box set by American comedian George Carlin. It consists of his six albums recorded with the Little David record label, with an additional CD of previously unreleased bonus material, including \"The Coney Island recordings\"; a recording he made as a child. This seven-disc set was released on October 19, 1999 on the Atlantic Records label.
Konstantinos \"Kostas\" Tsiklitiras  (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος \"Κώστας\" Τσικλητήρας; 30 October 1888 – 10 February 1913) was a Greek athlete and Olympic champion. Born in Pylos, he moved to Athens to study commerce. Tsiklitiras soon took up sports. He practiced soccer (for Panathinaikos) and water polo, but is best remembered for winning four Olympic medals in standing long jump and standing high jump. He became Greek champion 19 times. His career came to a halt in 1913 when he volunteered to fight in the Balkan Wars and fought at the Battle of Bizani, although he could avoid conscription he insisted on fighting for his country. He contracted meningitis and died at the age of 24. His family home still exists (October 2012) in Pylos, Greece, it is functioning as a museum of his athletic achievements, and is adorned by his marble statue in front of it.
Love & Letter, also known as First Love & Letter, is the first studio album by South Korean boy group Seventeen released on April 29, 2016. The album is a follow-up to the group's two EPs, 17 Carat and Boys Be (2015).
Buckland is a village in Auglaize County, Ohio, United States. The population was 233 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Wapakoneta, Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area. The village is served by the Wapakoneta City School District.
Forte Group plc was a British hotel and restaurant company. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index until it was acquired by Granada plc. Its head office was in the London Borough of Camden.
Talegaon Dhamdhere  is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra, India, on the right (south) bank of the Vel River (Wel River). Administratively, Talegaon Dhamdhere is under Shirur Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. There is only the single village of Talegaon Dhamdhere in the Talegaon Dhamdhere gram panchayat. The village of Talegaon Dhamdhere is 4 km by road southeast of the village of Shikrapur, and 6 km by road north of the village of Vittalwadi.
Salamah (Arabic: سلمة‎‎) was a Palestinian Arab village, located five kilometers east of Jaffa, that was depopulated in the lead up the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The town was named for Salamah Abu Hashim, a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. His tomb, two village schools, and ten houses from among the over 800 houses that had made up the village, are all that remain of the structures of the former village today. 'Salameh street', now on the border of Tel Aviv and Jaffa is named after the historic village.
Centigrade is a 2007 thriller short film starring Colin Cunningham, Daniel Brodsky, and Bernhard Lachkovics about a man trapped in a trailer. It won Leo Awards and awards at Method Fest Independent Film Festival and Cinequest Film Festival. The producers are working to turn the short into a feature film.
Gene by Gene is a commercial genetic testing company based in Houston, Texas. The company is owned by Bennett Greenspan and Max Blankfeld, and is the parent company of Family Tree DNA.
Lyne Beaumont (born January 23, 1978 in Quebec City) is a Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic medalist. She participated on the Canadian team that received a bronze medal in synchronized team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
The Henry W. Oliver Building is a 25-story, 106 m (348 ft) skyscraper at 535 Smithfield Street, across from Mellon Square in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The building was designed by Daniel Burnham and built 1908-10, consisting of a stone and terra cotta facade over a steel frame. It cost $3.5 million ($92.2 million today)
Lloyd Thaxton Goes Surfing with The Challengers is the second album by the surf rock band The Challengers. This album was issued in 1963, at the peak of the \"surf wave\", in South California. This record was a \"hard to find\" LP, until the Sundazed Records cie (on the Yesterdazed Series) released it back, in 1994, with 2 previously unissued bonus tracks. Lloyd Thaxton is host-producer of one of the highest rated musical shows in Hollywood.Born in Memphis, Tennessee, and brought up in Toledo, Ohio, Lloyd moved his family to Hollywood in 1957.The Lloyd Thaxton Show is a favorite not only for teenagers, but with their parents as well, because the show is more than a dance-party; it is filled with a variety of crazy and entertaining gimmicks. By the time Surfing With The Challengers was issued in the spring of 1963, the band become one of the most visible and influential musical groups in the Southern California. Every records store in the area was selling this, and their first album Surfbeat, like crazy. Wallichs Music City, at Sunset and Vine in Hollywood, even had an entire window display devoted to the band. They were on local TV dance shows every week it seemed, and appeared at the Y-Day Concert at the Hollywood Bowl. The choice of the tracks used for Surfing With The Challengers repeated the approach followed on their first album: unique surf instrumental versions of late 50's rock instrumental (songs by Duane Eddy, The Fireballs and The Ventures) coupled with The Challengers' originals. This served to emphasize how much the new genre of surf music had been inspired by the rich heritage of rock instrumentals from the \"golden age\" just three or four years before. The choice of material, and the wonderful crisp and restrained production of both this album and the earlier Surfbeat, were inspirational to most teen bands at the time.
Zirgar-e Sofla (Persian: زيرگرسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Zīrgar-e ‘Olyā and Zīr Gar-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zīrgar) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Love is the fifth compilation album (ninth overall & K-Ci's tenth overall, which he released My Book in 2006 as a solo artist) by K-Ci & JoJo. It was released in Japan only on February 6, 2008, by Formula Recordings.
The Union Trust Company Building is a historic bank building at 1351 Main Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. The two story Beaux Arts building was constructed in 1907 to a design by Peabody & Stearns and work by sculptor John Evans. The front of the building was designed to resemble a triumphal arch, with the entrance recessed from massive piers supporting a rounded arch, and topped by a large decorated cornice. The building was built for the Union Trust Company (founded 1906), and served as the headquarters of that bank and its successors until 1970. When nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places, it was described as Main Street's best Beaux Arts building. It was listed in 1978.
One Jump Ahead is a 1955 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Paul Carpenter, Diane Hart, Jill Adams and Freddie Mills. The film was based on a novel by American crime novelist Robert H. Chapman. The screenplay concerns a journalist who helps police track down the killer of a female blackmailer.The title refers to the reporter's attempts to keep \"one jump ahead\" of the police in solving the crime.
Takashi Saito (born 28 January 1953) is a Japanese male former weightlifter, who competed in the featherweight class and represented Japan at international competitions. He won the silver medal at the 1978 World Weightlifting Championships in the 60 kg category.
Myszakówek [mɨʂaˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Zagórów, 20 km (12 mi) south of Słupca, and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Chula Vista (/ˌtʃuːlə ˈvɪstə/; Spanish: beautiful view ) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area, the seventh largest city in Southern California, the fourteenth largest city in the state of California, and the 76th-largest city in the United States. The population was 243,916 as of the 2010 census. Located just 7.5 miles (12.1 km) from downtown San Diego and 7.5 miles (12.1 km) from the Mexican border in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area, the city is at the center of one of the richest economic and culturally diverse zones in the United States. Chula Vista is so named because of its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills. Founded in the early 19th century, fast population growth has recently been observed in the city. Located in the city is one of America's few year-round United States Olympic Training centers and popular tourist destinations include SleepTrain Amphitheatre, the Chula Vista marina, and the Living Coast Discovery Center, formerly known as the Chula Vista Nature Center.
The English High School of Boston, Massachusetts is one of the first public high schools in America, founded in 1821. Originally called The English Classical School, it was renamed The English High School upon its first relocation in 1824. The current building is located in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston.
Selective Wreckage is a b-sides collection by melodic hardcore group Crime in Stereo. This compilation features unreleased songs that documented the band's evolution from the 2005 recording sessions for The Troubled Stateside and 2007's Crime in Stereo Is Dead, as well as tracks from the never released split EP with Capital, and songs from many other various recording sessions.
Petkuh (Persian: پتكوه‎‎, also Romanized as Petkūh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
The DO-IT (Disabilities, Opportunities, Internetworking, and Technology) Center is based at the University of Washington (UW) in Seattle, Washington. Founded in 1992, DO-IT’s mission is to increase the successful participation of people with disabilities in postsecondary education and careers, in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) fields and careers, and in computing fields and careers throughout the U.S. It directs the national AccessSTEM program, and co-directs the national AccessComputing Alliance focused on engaging people with disabilities in computing fields. The Center is a unit of Accessible Technology Services of UW-IT at the University of Washington, a collaboration between the College of Engineering, the College of Education and UW-IT. Primary funding for DO-IT and its projects is provided by the National Science Foundation, the State of Washington, and the U.S. Department of Education.It promotes accessibility and universal design in learning environments and instruction, including Web accessibility, through the online Center for Universal Design in Education (CUDE) and by creating, collecting and distributing publications, training materials, and tutorials for use by educators and faculty throughout the U.S. The Center works with international institutions and organizations to adapt its practices and programs for international application. For example, the DO-IT Scholars Program has been replicated in Japan as DO-IT Japan, a summer program hosted by the University of Tokyo. South Korea, through the leadership of Seoul National University and Korea Nazarene University, also hosts a similar summer study program in collaboration with the DO-IT Center.
You Gotta Move is a live DVD by the American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was released on November 23, 2004. It was filmed live at the Office Depot Center in Sunrise, FL on April 3, 2004 (except for \"Rats In The Cellar\" which was recorded in Orlando, FL on April 5, 2004.) on the Honkin' on Bobo Tour. The DVD features concert footage, band interviews, behind the scenes footage and a photo gallery. It also comes with a bonus audio CD featuring 6 tracks from the concert. You Gotta Move quickly became the band's bestselling video release and one of the highest-selling music videos for the year 2005, going 4x Platinum in the United States.
Baccharis hambatensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
U.S. Corrugated, Inc. is an independent corrugated packaging producer headquartered in the United States. Along with its sister companies Mannkraft Corporation, a box and packaging company in the Northeast, and U.S. Display Group, designer and manufacturer of custom Point-of-Purchase displays, the company operates 25 full service manufacturing facilities in 15 states. In addition, the company owns a recycled containerboard paper mill in South Carolina. The firm produces corrugated packaging and Point of Purchase displays. U.S. Corrugated was established in 2006 by a number of strategic acquisitions.
North Highland is a worldwide, employee-owned management consulting firm established in 1992 and a founding member of Cordence Worldwide. The firm is active in a number of industries, including: Energy & Utilities, Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Media, Entertainment & Communications, Public Sector, Retail & Consumer Products, and Transportation. North Highland ranks fifth on Consulting Magazine's 2014 Best Firms to Work For list. This marks the eighth consecutive year that North Highland has been in the top 5.
Rubus geniculatus is a European species of flowering plant in the rose family, with a few naturalized populations in the State of Virginia in the eastern United States. It has compound leaves with 3 or 5 leaflets, green on the upper side, pale green almost white on the lower side. Flowers are white. Fruits are dark purple, almost black. The genetics of Rubus is extremely complex, so that it is difficult to decide on which groups should be recognized as species. There are many rare species with limited ranges such as this. Further study is suggested to clarify the taxonomy.
The Hillcrest School and Community College is a secondary school located in Netherton, near Dudley, England. The school was opened in 1958 as one of two new secondary schools built in the expanding town. The other was Saltwells Secondary School. Both of these schools replaced a smaller pre-fabricated school in Halesowen Road which was known locally as \"The Iron School\". Saltwells in turn closed in 1986 to merge with an expanded Hillcrest, though it still does not have enough places to accommodate the town's entire secondary school age population. As a result, a significant number of pupils aged 11 to 16 living in Netherton have had to attend schools further afield including Ormiston Forge Academy in Cradley Heath and Castle High School in Dudley. From September 1972 until July 1990, there were no 11-year-olds at the school as the secondary school transfer age in the north of the Dudley borough was 12 years. The school's current Principal is April Garratt who took over in Easter 2007. Prior to this the school was run by Dame Maureen Brennan, who was appointed as a Dame Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in December 2005 in recognition of her services to local education. She had been appointed as Principal of the school five years earlier, shortly after a damning OFSTED report which criticised the school for a catalogue of shortcomings, combined with a disappointing 17% of GCSE students attained 5 or more A-C grades.
Yukuhashi (行橋市 Yukuhashi-shi) is a satellite city located in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan, about 25 kilometers southeast of Kitakyushu. The city was founded on October 10, 1954. As of June 30, 2005, the city has a population of 72,005 (according to the city's official home page) and a population density of 1,002.43 persons per km². The total area is 69.83 km².
Endotec, Inc. is a medical device company that specializes in the manufacture and distribution of biocompatible orthopaedic implant products. The company's products include hip replacement and knee replacement, as well as the shoulder and ankle extremities.
Joshy is a 2016 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Jeff Baena. It stars Thomas Middleditch, Adam Pally, Alex Ross Perry, Nick Kroll, Brett Gelman, Jenny Slate and Lauren Graham. It was shown in the U.S. Dramatic Competition section at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival. The film was released on August 12, 2016, by Lionsgate Premiere.
Chalab-e Qatakeh Bares (Persian: چالاب قتكه بارس‎‎, also Romanized as Chālāb-e Qatakeh Bāres) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 6 families.
Canyon Crest Academy (CCA) is a public high school in San Diego, California. Founded in 2004, the school is a member of the San Dieguito Union High School District. It is located near Cathedral Catholic High School and Torrey Pines High School in the Carmel Valley neighborhood.
Surrogates is a 2009 American science fiction action film, based on the 2005–2006 comic book series The Surrogates. Directed by Jonathan Mostow, it stars Bruce Willis as Tom Greer, an FBI agent who ventures out into the real world to investigate the murder of surrogates (humanoid remote controlled robots). It also stars Radha Mitchell, Rosamund Pike, Boris Kodjoe, Ving Rhames, and James Cromwell. The film's main concept centers on the mysterious murder of a college student linked to the man who helped create a high-tech surrogate phenomenon that allows people to purchase remote-controlled humanoid robots through which they interact with society. These fit, attractive, remotely controlled robots ultimately assume their life roles, enabling people to experience life vicariously from the comfort and safety of their own homes. Surrogates was released on September 25, 2009, in the United States and Canada. It received mixed reviews from critics and grossed over $122 million.
BNP Paribas acquired Peregrine and renamed BNP Paribas Peregrine, a famous investment bank and brokerage in 1998. BNP Paribas Peregrine is headquartered in Hong Kong, with a presence in all major East Asian countries, as well as sales teams in London, Paris and Milan.BNP Paribas has a branch in Macau, and also operational branches and two representative offices in mainland China. The Peregrine name has since been absorbed and is no longer used.
Centenary Methodist Church, also known as Centenary Memorial United Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist church located at 2585 NC 130 E near Rowland, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built in 1885, and enlarged and modified in the Classical Revival style in 1903. It is a one-story, gable front frame building with a rectangular steeple and vestibule. A gable-front portico with cornice returns, supported by two slender wood columns, was added to the church in 1982. Adjacent to the church is the contributing cemetery with approximately 160 marked graves. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
Chris Cole (born March 10, 1982) is a professional skateboarder. As of May 2015, his sponsors are DC Shoes & Apparel, Plan B, Monster Energy, Thunder, Spitfire, Reign Skate Shop, Stance, Kershaw Knives, Grizzly Griptape and Mophie.
Bayannur or Bayannao'er (Mongolian: ᠪᠠᠶᠠᠨᠨᠠᠭᠤᠷ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ Bayannaɣur qota; Chinese: 巴彦淖尔市; pinyin: bāyànnàoěr) is a prefecture-level city in western Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China. Until December 1, 2003, the area was called Bayannur League. Bayannur has an administrative area of 65,788 km2 (25,401 sq mi). The name of the city in Mongolian means \"Rich Lake\". At the 2010 census, the total population of Bayannur is up to 1,669,915, while the city proper, Linhe District, has 520,300 inhabitants.
I Didn't Do It is a 1945 British comedy crime film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby, Dennis Wyndham and Carl Jaffe. Formby's songs include: She's Got Two Of Everything (Cunningham/Towers), I'd Like A Dream Like That (Formby/Cliffe), and The Daring Young Man (Formby/Cliffe). Because of a realistic murder scene, the film was granted a British 'A' certificate, ensuring no one under the age of 16 would be admitted to the cinema unless accompanied by an adult.
The Danaher Corporation is an American company with its headquarters in Washington, D.C., United States. Its products are concentrated in the fields of design, manufacturing, and marketing of industrial and consumer products. It operates in Five segments: Test & measurement, Dental, Industrial Technologies, Environmental, and Life Science & Diagnostics.
Vemb-Lemvig-Thyborøn Jernbane (VLTJ) or Lemvigbanen is a Danish railway line in Northwest Jutland. Established in 1879, the line extends from Vemb via Lemvig to Thyborøn. The single-track line is mostly level, and is operated with a fleet of five single-unit Y-train railcars. VLTJ has its own workshop and servicing facilities on the line. Until 1 January 2008, the line was operated by the company Vemb-Lemvig-Thyborøn Jernbane A/S, which has been merged with Odderbanen's operating company to form Midtjyske Jernbaner. The railway is to be used to test a prototype hydrogen-powered train in 2010.
Llano (/ˈlænoʊ/ LAN-oh) is a city in Llano County, Texas, in the United States. As of 2010, the city population was 3,232. It is the county seat of Llano County.
Exile is the second studio album by English synthpop duo Hurts, released on 8 March 2013 by Major Label. The album was produced by Hurts, along with Jonas Quant—with whom the duo worked on their debut album, Happiness (2010)—and Dan Grech-Marguerat. \"Miracle\" was released on 11 January 2013 as the lead single from the album, followed by \"Blind\" on 10 May 2013 and \"Somebody to Die For\" on 21 July 2013. Upon release, the album debuted at number nine on the UK Albums Chart, while charting inside the top ten in eight other countries.
Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH is a German franchise company for pet food. With over 1100 stores and 8000 employees in 12 European countries it is the largest European pet food company.
Riverlea is a village in Franklin County, Ohio, United States, surrounded by Worthington on its north, south, and east sides, and bordered on the west by the Olentangy River, across which is in Columbus. Riverlea was incorporated in 1939, a small community that formed on former farmland. The population was 545 at the 2010 census. In 2011, Riverlea and Worthington explored the possibility of the annexation of Riverlea to Worthington. Riverlea voters defeated the annexation.
Tekken Original Sound Tracks (鉄拳 オリジナルサウンドトラック) is the officially licensed soundtrack of the PlayStation video game Tekken, the first of the Tekken series. It was released in two versions sets same as the game sets released for PlayStation and arcade.
Morning Rises is the fifth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust. It was released on July 16, 2013 by Centricity Music, and it was produced by Ed Cash. The album got positive critical reception from music critics, and it saw commercial success.
Gilia latiflora is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names hollyleaf gilia and broad-flowered gilia. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the deserts and mountains of the southern part of the state.
Flight Paths is the second album by Australian rock band The Paradise Motel, their first album released after relocating from Melbourne to London. Singles from the album included 'Aeroplanes', 'Derwent River Star' and 'Drive' a cover of The Cars' hit, and the band's most popular song. Their version was featured on the soundtrack to the 2001 Richard Lowenstein film He Died with a Felafel in His Hand. Flight Paths was followed by the album Reworkings featuring remixes of tracks from Flight Paths and the band's previous album Still Life by artists including Lee Ranaldo, Echoboy and Mark Eitzel.
Stylidium candelabrum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae). It is an erect annual plant that grows from 6 to 20 cm tall. Elliptical leaves, about 11-100 per plant, are scattered along the stem. The leaves are generally 2.5-18 mm long and 1.5-9 mm wide. This species generally has 1-13 scapes and cymose inflorescences that are 3-16 cm long. Flowers are white. S. candelabrum is endemic to the northernmost area of the Northern Territory in Australia and much of its range is within a national park and therefore has been evaluated to be neither rare nor threatened. Its typical habitat is shallow sand associated with sandstone pavements and it appears to prefer areas with higher rainfall. It flowers in the southern hemisphere from March to July. Its conservation status has been assessed as secure.
Rainbow International School is an international school for infant, junior and secondary education in the Kampala district of Uganda. The Rainbow International School was established in September 1991 as a primary school with 29 children. In September 1995, the school moved to its present 9-acre (36,000 m2) site with newly constructed purpose-built classrooms and administration block and playing fields. The school is in the Kampala district. It is owned by the Midland Group of companies. The Rainbow School has been helped and fund-raised for by the Run4Unity association and the Focolaré.
Aaron Pico (born September 23, 1996) is an American freestyle wrestler. Pico was born in Whittier California to Gina and Anthony Pico. Aaron Pico is a 7th generation Californio. Pico is the direct descendant of Pío de Jesus Pico, who was the last Mexican Governor of California under the Providence of Mexico.
The American Legion Hall is a historic social meeting hall at Race and Spruce Streets in the center of Searcy, Arkansas. It is a single-story structure, built out of native fieldstone in 1939 with funding support from the Works Progress Administration (WPA). Its main block has a side-facing gable roof, with a projecting flat-roof section in which the entrance is recessed under a rounded archway. The building is typical of rustic-styled buildings constructed by the WPA and other jobs programs of the Great Depression. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Fernside, or the Vacation House for Working Girls, is a historic former resort hotel at 162 Mountain Road in Princeton, Massachusetts. It is a complex of three buildings: its main house, a barn that was converted into a playhouse, and a two-car garage. The core of the main house is a Federal style house built in 1835 by Benjamin Harrington. The house was converted for use as a summer hotel around 1870, and in 1890 it was acquired by the Working Girls' Vacation Society as a place to provide summer recreation for city working women. It is around this time that wings were added to the house, and the barn was converted to a playhouse. The property was used by the Society until it was sold in 1989. The facility is now owned by McLean Hospital, who used it as a drug treatment center. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. It is the best-preserved surviving resort hotel of several that were built in Princeton in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and may be the oldest resort catering to working women in the nation.
Slave to the Thrill is the third studio album released by the American heavy metal band Hurricane.The original album cover art was photographed by John Scarpati. It featured a nude female model lying on a machine. This cover was replaced shortly after the initial pressing by an alternative cover that had the female model removed from the picture so that all that was seen is the machine. Jay Schellen and Doug Aldrich play together on this record. The twosome now (as of February 2014) are playing together in the Las Vegas production of Raiding the Rock Vault.
Kadachit is a Marathi movie released on 25 October 2008. Produced by Ashwini Bhave and directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni. The movie deals with the conflict between truth and lies and its alarming impact on emotional entanglement resulting in psychological disorders. The movie has been written by Girish Joshi.
Fibe is the brand name used by Bell Aliant for its suite of fiber to the home (FTTH) unified communication services, including Internet access, IPTV, and home telephone service, available in much of Atlantic Canada and previously in some regions of Ontario and Quebec. The Fibe service covers an entire urban area with a fibre optic network.
Kobylno [kɔˈbɨlnɔ] (German Kobyllno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łubniany and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Exercises in Futility is a 2008 album of solo guitar recorded by Marc Ribot and released on Tzadik Records' Composer Series. It features compositions that Ribot wrote as \"setups for improvising\" that \"teach guitarists how to play with and in spite of futility\".
Darreh-ye Lebad (Persian: دره لبد‎‎; also known as Darrehleb) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 94, in 19 families.
Proximic is a platform that provides real-time data services for contextual data for online advertisers and agencies. The company is based in Palo Alto, with research and development facilities in Munich. The company's CEO Philipp Pieper co-founded the company with mathematician Thomas Nitsche. Thomas Nitsche and Elmar Henne, Proximic's chief architect, developed the Mephisto Chess Computer. Chief Scientist is Louis Monier, founder of the AltaVista search engine. Proximic launched in alpha testing mode in late 2007. In 2010, the company integrated with the real-time ad platform AppNexus and started to offer its contextual data services to the display advertisers and agencies.
Maurits Lindström (10 May 1932 – 14 November 2009) was a Swedish geologist. In 1970, he described the conodont families Cordylodontidae, Gondolellidae, Proconodontidae and Rhipidognathidae. In 1971, he described the conodont genera Baltoniodus, Microzarkodina and Paracordylodus.
IFIS is an academic publishing company and not-for-profit organisation operating in the sciences of food and health. Based in Reading, IFIS produces an online bibliographic database, FSTA, a resource which the company has offered since 1969. IFIS also produces, in association with Wiley Blackwell, the Dictionary of Food Science & Technology, now in its second edition. As a not-for-profit charitable organisation, IFIS offers access to researchers in developing countries through the Research4Life programmes, HINARI and AGORA. As of March 2016, IFIS announced the upcoming launch of a new food regulations and compliance database, Escalex, in collaboration with Molecular Connections.
Cyril Domb FRS (9 December 1920 – 15 February 2012) was an internationally recognized theoretical physicist best known for his lecturing and writing on the theory of phase transitions and critical phenomena of fluids. He was also known in the Orthodox Jewish world for his writings on Science and Judaism.
Aluna is a 2012 feature-length documentary film sequel to the 1990 BBC documentary The Heart of The World: Elder Brother's Warning. The first documentary showed an ancient Kogi tribe civilisation (the Elder Brother) who emerge to offer their concern for people of the modern world (Younger Brother). Younger Brother is urged to change or suffer environmental disaster. After offering the warning the Kogi retreat back to civilisation hidden in a mountain in Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta, Colombia. The Kogis have re-emerged. Long-ago realising that the importance of their warning had not been grasped. As well as warning Younger Brother they have decided to share their secret sciences in the belief that sharing these new sciences will share their burden of changing the world for the better.
Basimah (Arabic: بسيمة‎‎) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northwest of Damascus in the Wadi Barada. Nearby localities include Ain al-Fijah, Deir Qanun, al-Dimas, Jdeidat al-Wadi, Deir Muqaran and Kfeir al-Zayt. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Basimah had a population of 2,812 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
The Golden Hits of Billy Eckstine is a 1963 studio album by the American singer Billy Eckstine. It was arranged by Billy Byers, conducted by Bobby Tucker, and produced by Quincy Jones.
UL is an American safety consulting and certification company headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois. It maintains offices in 46 countries. Established in 1894 as the Underwriters' Electrical Bureau (a bureau of the National Board of Fire Underwriters), it was known throughout the 20th century as Underwriters Laboratories and participated in the safety analysis of many of that century's new technologies, most notably the public adoption of electricity and the drafting of safety standards for electrical devices and components. UL provides safety-related certification, validation, testing, inspection, auditing, advising and training services to a wide range of clients, including manufacturers, retailers, policymakers, regulators, service companies, and consumers. UL is one of several companies approved to perform safety testing by the US federal agency Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). OSHA maintains a list of approved testing laboratories, which are known as Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories.
Last Moon is the eighth full-length studio album by Japanese recording artist Gackt released on April 27, 2016 in Japan. It is considered to be the final, but not ending part of \"Moon Saga\", a concept by which is conceptually linked to its predecessor albums Moon (2002), Crescent (2003), and Diabolos (2005), as well as the movie Moon Child (2003), theatre play Mysteries of Yoshitsune I&II (2012-2014), and two novels (2003, 2014).
His Official Fiancée is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Robert G. Vignola and written by Edith M. Kennedy and Berta Ruck. The film stars Vivian Martin, Forrest Stanley, Vera Sisson, Hugh Huntley, Mollie McConnell, Kathryn Sohn and Tom Ricketts. The film was released on October 16, 1919, by Paramount Pictures.
Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu (English: Five Five Five), stylised as 555, is a 2013 Indian  Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Sasi. It stars Bharath and Chandini Sreedharan as the main leads. Erica Fernandes and Santhanam play other pivotal roles. The film, an action drama revolving around psychology and mind games, had been in production since 2008. The film released on 10 August 2013 to positive reviews and commercial success.
Sporadic Movements is the first EP released by The Contortionist with the name \"At The Hands of Machines\" during that time. It's one of the only albums of this band to have an almost pure Deathcore sound.
Hana Mareghni (sometimes spelled Marghani or Mergheni) (born 4 May 1989 in Tunis, Tunisia) is a Tunisian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -78 kg event and lost her match to Mayra Aguiar. At the 2011 All-Africa Games, Hana won a gold medals
Hot Curves is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy-drama film produced and distributed by Tiffany Pictures. It was directed by Norman Taurog. A print is held by the Library of Congress.
Morbid: A Love Story is a 2008 horror film, written, directed, and produced by Edward Payson, starring Liam J. Smith and Anna Palestis. Smith plays the disturbed serial killer, Christian. Palestis plays his love interest, Belle. Dylan Voorhees plays a young Christian. Although claiming to be \"pretty gruesome\", as there is plenty of blood and graphic violence, the film is different from a run-of-the mill slasher film in that the serial killer is the protagonist. Morbid: A Love Story is due to be released in September 2009 with its premiere at the New Beverly Cinema.
Chandrawal is a 1984 Haryanvi film. It is the third Haryanavi-language film to be released and the first financially successful one. Written by Late. Shri Devi Shankar Prabhakar,produce by usha sharma and directed by Jayant Prabhaker, the film's music was created by J. P. Kaushik. Starring dancer Usha Sharma, the film tells the story of a tragic love affair between Chandrawal, a girl of the Gadia Lohar community, and Suraj, a haryanavi Jat Boy. It was released in March 1984 and became very successful, spurred on by a popular soundtrack. A sequel is in development and will be produced by Usha Sharma and directed by Nishant Prabhakar.
Decker Brothers was an American piano manufacturer located in the John H. Edelmann designed Decker Building in New York, New York, on the national register of historic places. The company began to produce pianos in 1865, created by David Decker and John Decker, after the brothers were awarded many piano patents.
Briza maxima is a species of the grass genus Briza. It is native to Northern Africa, the Azores, Western Asia, and Southern Europe and is cultivated or naturalised in the British Isles, Australasia, the western United States, Central and South America, and Hawaii. This species has a large number of common names, including big quaking grass, great quaking grass, greater quaking-grass, large quaking grass, blowfly grass, rattlesnake grass, shelly grass, rattle grass in the UK, and shell grass. It grows to a height of 60 cm. The seeds and leaves are edible.
Gharba (Persian: غربا‎‎, also Romanized as Gharbā; also known as Gharbā Dūderā’) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 9 families.
Oxygen of Love is an album by New Zealand singer/songwriter Emma Paki released in 1996. Oxygen Of Love, produced by Crowded House and Supertramp’s Mark Hart, was released in 1996 and reached Gold status in New Zealand. The album gained Emma a second nomination for Best Female Vocalist and also Best Album in the Entertainer of the Year Awards in 1996, with her winning the Mana Maori Award. The single \"System Virtue\" won three awards at the 1993 New Zealand Music Awards - Best Songwriter, Most Promising Female Vocalist and Best Video, as well as Best Music Video at the 1996 TV Guide Television Awards. The video was also the most played New Zealand video of 1994. Her single Greenstone, produced by Neil Finn, charted to #9 on the New Zealand charts and won her a nomination for Best Female Vocalist in the 1995 New Zealand Music Awards.
Terminalia catappa is a large tropical tree in the leadwood tree family, Combretaceae, that grows mainly in the tropical regions of Asia, Africa, and Australia. It is known by the English common names country-almond, Indian-almond, Malabar-almond, sea-almond, tropical-almond and false kamani.
Vismayam is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Raghunath Paleri and produced by CC Cine Vision. The film stars Innocent, Dileep, Sreedurga, and K. P. A. C. Lalitha in lead roles. It features music composed by Johnson. This film is the first in Malayalam to have a magical realism element in narration.
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (officially abbreviated as P7S1, formerly ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG) is a German mass media company. It operates commercial television, premium pay channels, radio stations and related print businesses. It was formed on October 2, 2000 by merger of German TV broadcasters ProSieben Media AG (founded on New Year's Day of 1989) and Sat.1 SatellitenFernsehen GmbH (also founded on New Year's Day of 1984, as PKS (Programmgesellschaft für Kabel- und Satellitenrundfunk)). Through takeover of SBS Broadcasting Group on June 27, 2007 it now has operations in 13 European countries.
The Grand Theatre, Volume One is the title of the eighth studio album from alternative country/rock band the Old 97's, released on October 12, 2010. The band took up a week-long residency at Sons of Hermann Hall in Dallas, Texas, simulating the concert experience to test out new material. The songs which the band felt worked were then taken to Treefort Studios in Austin, Texas, for proper recording. Over two dozen songs were recorded during these sessions. The remaining material was released as The Grand Theatre, Volume Two in 2011.
Kal-e Chunek (Persian: كلچونك‎‎, also Romanized as Kal-e Chūnek; also known as Kalchūnek) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 6 families.
Dark Light is the fifth studio album by the Finnish band, HIM. This album was released on 26 September 2005 internationally and on 27 September 2005 in the USA with a limited edition pre-release of 20,000 some days before.
Lati Dan (Persian: لاتيدان‎‎, also Romanized as Lātī Dān) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 283, in 52 families.
Maison Cartier is a historic house in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is located on Place Jacques-Cartier in Old Montreal. It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada on November 19, 1982. It was constructed from 1812 to 1813 by mason Amable Amiot dit Villeneuve and carpenter Antoine Bouteiller. The walls, which are made of ashlar along with the dormers on the roof, are considered to be examples of Quebec's urban architecture in the early Nineteenth century. The first owners of the house were Louis Parthenais and Augustin Perrault. The Maison Cartier was originally connected to the Nelson Hotel. Though it is located next to Montreal's oldest public monument - Nelson's Column - it was apparently named the Jardin Nelson for Wolfred Nelson, a Patriote in the Lower Canada Rebellion of 1837, and the ninth Mayor of Montreal. Today a restaurant operates in the building.
Eutrochium fistulosum (Eupatorium fistulosum), also called hollow Joe-Pye weed, trumpetweed, or purple thoroughwort, is a North American flowering plant in the sunflower family. It is native to southern Canada and throughout the eastern and south central United States from Maine west to Ontario, Wisconsin, and Missouri and south as far as Florida and Texas. The species name fistulosum refers to the tubular stem; see fistula. Eutrochium fistulosum is a herbaceous perennial plant sometimes as much as 350 cm (140 in; 11 ft 6 in) tall. It is found in moist, rich soil alongside ditches and marshes, or in wet forests. It flowers from mid-summer to the first frosts, makes an attractive backdrop in garden plots, and is very attractive to butterflies, bees, and other nectar-feeding insects. The plant has one simple erect stem, which is green with purple dots or longitudinal dashes. The upper stems are reddish or purplish. Leaves and primary subdivisions of the flower head appear in whorls of 3–5 (rarely 2 or 6, the rotational symmetry of most plants is consistent). Leaves are large, long and sharply toothed. One plant can produce several flower heads in a branching array, each head with 4-7 pink or purple disc flowers but no ray flowers. \n* 3-fold symmetry \n* 4-fold symmetry \n* 5-fold symmetry \n* 6-fold (uncommon) \n* Stem sections
Feind Hört Mit ([The] enemy listens in) is an album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer. It was released on April 27, 1999. The album's text is largely written in a font of Cyrillic letters, though the words are German. The limited edition was limited to only 2,000 copies each with a number on the back. The text at the bottom of the album cover reads \"Goldenes Zepter nur ein Stock in des Königs Hand. Wer nicht wagt der darf nicht hoffen auf ein schöner Land\". Roughly translated, this means \"A golden scepter is only a stick in the hand of a king. Who dares not, shouldn't hope for a beautiful country\".
Shotor Mel-e Olya-ye Rahmat (Persian: شترمل علياي رحمت‎‎, also Romanized as Shotor Mel-e ‘Olyā-ye Raḩmat and Shotormal-e ‘Olyā-ye Raḩmat; also called Shotor Mel-e Bālā, Shotor Mol, Shotor Mel, and Shotormāl-e ‘Olyā-ye Hemmat) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 39 families.
The Smith-Lyon Farmhouse is a historic farm at 400 N. Woodstock Road in Southbridge, Massachusetts. It is an unusual example of a well-preserved rural Greek Revival house in Southbridge. It is a  2 1⁄2-story wood-frame house. The gable-end front facade features full-length sidelights around the door, pilastered corner trim, a pedimented gable, and a full-width porch with Doric columns. It is reported by have been built c. 1850 by Luther Smith, a mule dealer. By 1878 the farm was owned by Lucius Lyon. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Under The Waterfall is the third album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. It was released in 1995 by Word Records. Renowned singer/pianist Michael W. Smith plays keyboards on the song \"I'll Stand\".
Butmas is a small community in the island nation of Vanuatu, home to the families of six local clan lineages. The community is composed of around 100 villagers, 50 of which are children attending the local primary school and the village speaks a local dialect, Butmas-Tur (one of 5 East Santo languages).
The Queen of Biarritz (French: La reine de Biarritz) is a 1934 French film directed by Jean Toulout and starring Alice Field, Léon Belières and Marguerite Moreno. The film's sets were designed by Jean d'Eaubonne.
Canon Frome is a small rural parish on the River Frome, 5 miles northwest of Ledbury, Herefordshire, England with a population of 139. Its most notable feature is Canon Frome Court which is a Grade II listed large red brick country house. The house was originally a sixteenth century moated manor house but was extensively rebuilt, incorporating earlier parts of the building, in 1786 and again in 1868. It was for 300 years the ancestral home of the Hopton family. It now forms a cohousing community.
That Forsyte Woman (released in the United Kingdom as The Forsyte Saga) is a 1949 romance film starring Greer Garson, Errol Flynn, Walter Pidgeon, Robert Young and Janet Leigh. It is an adaptation of The Man of Property, the first novel in The Forsyte Saga by John Galsworthy. Walter Plunkett and Arlington Valles were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design, Color. The original music score was composed by Bronislau Kaper.
Sri Ramakrishna Darshanam is a 2012 Singaporean and Indian Tamil and Hindi language biographical film based on the life and philosophy of 19th century Bengali mystic saint Ramakrishna. The film was directed by G N Dass produced by G.N.D. Vision International Private Limited. The film had screened in Chennai before being shared 17 August as a part of the 150th anniversary of the birth of Swami Vivekananda.
Stella Maris High School was an all-girls, private, Roman Catholic high school on the Rockaway Peninsula in Queens, New York. It was located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn. People who attended this school said this was a \"small school where big things happen.\" The highlight event of this school was \"Blue And Gold,\" a school spirit event where the freshman and seniors competed against the sophomores and juniors in a series of events. This school overlooked a beautiful beach scenery and the Atlantic Ocean.
Openet is a software vendor with corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, and two regional headquaters in Malaysia and the United States with offices worldwide. Openet products are used by telecommunications service providers to commercialize and analyze activity on their network through processing customers' data usage. The company was founded in 1999. It received its initial funding from Cross Atlantic Technology Fund (XATF), which invested $2.7 million for a 13.0% stake. In 2013 it had more than 900 employees and more than 80 customers in 32 countries. Openet has an 11 percent share of the wireless policy management software market, the largest among its competitors. Openet's product suite consists of Policy Manager, Evolved Charging, Interaction Gateway and Convergent Mediation. Respondents to a December 2012 survey by Infonetics Research identified Openet, Tekelec and Huawei as the top three policy management vendors.Amdocs initiated a legal complaint against Openet in August 2010 alleging the company violated two of its patents. Two additional patents were added to the case in January 2011. In the United States, a Virginia District judge Leonie Brinkema ruled in Openet's favour in February 2012, finding that Openet did not infringe on Amdoc's copyrights.
The Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again is a 1979 American comedy-western film produced by Walt Disney Productions and a sequel to The Apple Dumpling Gang (1975) starring the comedy duo of Tim Conway and Don Knotts reprising their respective roles as Amos and Theodore. The film also stars Tim Matheson, Harry Morgan, and Kenneth Mars. Ruth Buzzi appears in a small cameo as a wild farsighted woman. Robert Totten, who directed installments of Gunsmoke, also had a small part in the film.
Green Charge Networks is an energy storage company based in Santa Clara, California. Founded in 2009, Green Charge Networks (GCN) focuses on helping businesses and institutions reduce peak demand charges through a combination of predictive software and battery hardware the company calls \"power efficiency.\".
Zabana! (Arabic: زبانة‎‎) is a 2012 Algerian drama film directed by Saïd Ould Khelifa. The film was selected as the Algerian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
Rockwood Summit High School (also known as Summit High School) is a public high school in Fenton, Missouri that is part of the Rockwood School District. Summit opened in 1993 on the same day as Marquette High School, another Rockwood high school.
Sunflower Corporation (Daylighting) is a start-up company founded in 2004 and based in Boulder Colorado, USA. Sunflower develops natural daylighting technology for use in commercial spaces. The company focuses on active daylighting systems (as opposed to passive daylighting systems), which give these systems the ability to make greater use of available daylight for a longer period of time throughout the day.
Anoka (/əˈnoʊkə/ ə-NOH-kə) is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota. The population was 17,142 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat. Anoka is also the\"Halloween Capital of the World\", because it hosted one of the first Halloween parades in 1920. It continues to celebrate the holiday each year with several parades. Anoka is a northern suburb of the Twin Cities. U.S. Highways 10 / 169 and State Highway 47 are three of the main routes, and a station on the Northstar Commuter Rail line to downtown Minneapolis is located in the city.
Fort Hancock is a former United States Army fort at Sandy Hook in Middletown Township New Jersey. The coastal artillery base defended the Atlantic coast and the entrance to New York Harbor. Between 1874 and 1919, Fort Hancock was operated in conjunction with the US Army's Sandy Hook Proving Ground. It is now part of Fort Hancock Memorial Park. The Sandy Hook Light, the oldest working lighthouse in the United States, is located on the grounds of Fort Hancock. In 1893, Fort Hancock installed the nation's first disappearing gun battery at Battery Potter. In the late 1950s anti-aircraft missiles from Project Nike were based at the fort. Fort Hancock was decommissioned as an active U.S. Army installation in 1974. It is now part of the National Parks of New York Harbor under the National Park System. A museum is managed as part of the Sandy Hook Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area. In 2013, the Park Service introduced Nubian goats to the fort in order to clear away poison ivy that has been growing unchecked on the six-acre property for about 40 years. The NPS is soliciting proposals for renovation and use to the more than 35 buildings in the fort complex.
The Bishops' High School is a secondary school in Georgetown, Guyana. It was established in 1870 by the Anglican Church as a ladies' school. The school later merged with Mrs. Vyfhuis' school, also founded in 1870, and then with the DeSaffon school. Mrs. Vyfhuis was offered headship of the combined schools in 1875. The school's first home was at Brickdam and Manget Place, and then at \"Minto House\" on Waterloo Street. It later moved to \"Lamaha House\" at Carmichael and Lamaha Streets, the property of Bishop E.A. Parry. In 1907, Bishop E.A. Parry moved the school to \"Woodside House\" (now known as \"Transport House\") on Main Street, and it became known as \"Woodside House School\". In 1921 the school moved to its present location at Carmichael and Murray (now known as Quamina) Streets. In 1922 Bishop E.A. Parry retired and the school then became known as \"The Bishops' High School\". Bishop Parry died in 1936 and the \"Oswald Parry Hall\" was opened at the school. In January 1936, the school was handed over to the government of British Guiana. The new building was opened on January 5, 1946. The school celebrated its centennial in 1970 and became a co-educational institution five years later, in 1975. The school's motto is \"Labor Omnia Vincit\". There are five houses in The Bishops' High School: Allen House, Baskett House, Dewar House, Vyfhuis House and Wearn House; each named after a former headmistress of the school.
Utica is a village in Knox and Licking counties in the U.S. state of Ohio, along the North Fork of the Licking River. The population was 2,132 at the 2010 census. The village is home to the general headquarters (HQ) of the Velvet Ice Cream Company at the Ye Olde Mill just south of the village. The mill is a popular regional tourist attraction with an ice cream parlor and restaurant and wildlife and picnic areas. The village hosts the annual ice cream parade every Memorial Day weekend and the simultaneous Utica Ice Cream Festival.
Penstemon rupicola is a species of penstemon known by the common name cliff beardtongue. It is native to the west coast of the United States from Washington to the Klamath Mountains of far northern California, where it grows in rocky mountainous habitat. It is a clumpy, mat-forming subshrub growing no more than 14 centimeters high. The thick, waxy, oppositely arranged leaves are round or oval and up to 2 centimeters long. The showy wide-mouthed tubular flowers emerging from the mat may be nearly 4 centimeters in length and are shades of light purple to bright pink. Penstemon rupicola is included in Penstemon subgenus Dasanthera, along with P. barrettiae, P. cardwellii, P. davidsonii, P. ellipticus, P. fruticosus, P. lyallii, P. montanus, and P. newberryi.
Red Condor, Inc. is a privately held company that offers anti-spam appliances and a hosted service that block e-mail spam, spyware, and viruses. The company also offers a message archiving service that provides back-up of inbound and outbound email messages. In 2007, Red Condor introduced Vx Technology, which integrates a local appliance with a Hosted Service. The technology redirects email from the appliance to the Hosted Service in the event of network failure. In November 2008, the company named Dr. Thomas Steding, former CEO of PGP Corporation, as president and CEO. In January 2009, Red Condor received Technology of the Year award from InfoWorld magazine. In April 2010, Red Condor was purchased by St. Bernard Software.
Pistols at Dawn is the second full-length album by the English punk rock band, Consumed. It was their first for Golf Records and was distributed by BYO Records after having recorded two releases on Fat Wreck Chords, but the band split up shortly afterwards. The album contains excerpts from the movies Army of Darkness and Love and Death.
Koza Wielka [ˈkɔza ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perzów, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Perzów, 16 km (10 mi) west of Kępno, and 137 km (85 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Miłaków [miˈwakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Gowarczów, 10 km (6 mi) north of Końskie, and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 160.
Welcome Home: Live at the Arlington Theatre, Santa Barbara 1992 is a live album by alternative rock group Toad the Wet Sprocket. Released by Columbia Records in 2004, it followed up the band's reunion tour in 2003, and is a chronicle of their first show in Santa Barbara, California following the success of their tour behind the platinum album fear.
Douglass Place is a group of historic rowhouses located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Built in 1892, it represents typical \"alley houses\" of the period in Baltimore, two narrow bays wide, two stories high over a cellar, with shed roofs pitched to the rear. Italianate influence is reflected in their segmental-arched window and door openings, and in the simple molded sheet metal cornices which crown the buildings. Frederick Douglass (1818-1895) constructed the five buildings as rental housing for blacks in the Fells Point area of Baltimore, where he had resided from the 1820s to 1838. The site was the location of the Dallas Street Station Methodist Episcopal Church, which he had attended while living in the area. Douglass Place was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Eastern High School (formerly Rumney High School) is an English medium co-educational, community school in the Rumney area of Cardiff, Wales. The school serves the communities of Rumney, Llanrumney, Trowbridge and St Mellons on the eastern side of Cardiff and was opened in the 1950s alongside Llanrumney High School. It is a mixed sex school with 786 children aged 11–16 attending. In 2015, it was Wales' worst performing school in all key indicators. However, under the new senior leadership of Armardo DiFinizio, the school made respectable improvements during the 2015-16 academic year. Rumney High School was opened in the 1950s as Cae'r Castell School. In 1958 the school was used as one of the venues for the Sixth Commonwealth Games, hosting all seven fencing competitions. The event saw Wales take two bronze medals, in the team sabre and foil events, and several of the competitions were attended by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and Charles the future Prince of Wales. A proposal to close Rumney High School and Llanrumney High School was published by the Cardiff Council on 20 March 2009. A total of 1257 objections were registered during the objection period to 20 May 2009. The proposal was due to be implemented in 2012 but was overturned in mid-2011. Reasons cited include the fact that both of the schools are old and falling into a state of disrepair, the intention is to rebuild one new state of the art high school building on the existing Llanrumney site, with Rumney High School grounds being sold to fund the project. The proposed new school would form a partnership with Cardiff High School and Willows High School, with pupils entering further education at Coleg Glan Hafren, or elsewhere in the city where appropriate. However these plans were abandoned. Instead Llanrumney High School closed at the end of the 2013 Summer term, with all students being transferred to Rumney High School. Rumney High School itself was renamed Eastern High School in September 2013.
Profield Contractors, also referred to as Profield Contractors Ltd, is a Gibraltar-based construction company founded in 1989. The company has worked on a number of general construction and civil engineering projects in Gibraltar.
Jean-Louis Koszul (French: [kɔzyl]; born January 3, 1921) is a French mathematician best known for studying geometry and discovering the Koszul complex. He was a second generation member of Bourbaki. He was educated at the Lycée Fustel-de-Coulanges in Strasbourg before studying at the Faculty of Science in Strasbourg and the Faculty of Science in Paris. He has lectured at many universities and was appointed professor in the Faculty of Science at Grenoble in 1963. He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences. Koszul is the cousin of the French composer Henri Dutilleux, and the grandchild of the composer Julien Koszul. Koszul married Denise Reyss-Brion on July 17, 1948. They had three children: Michel, Bertrand, and Anne.
Elizabeth Frances Churchill is a British American psychologist specializing in human-computer interaction (HCI) and social computing. She is the Executive Vice President of ACM SIGCHI and is a Director of User Experience at Google.
Tradescantia zebrina, formerly known as Zebrina pendula, is a species of spiderwort more commonly known as an inchplant or wandering jew. The common name is shared with closely related varieties T. fluminensis and T. pallida. Tradescantia zebrina is native to Mexico, Central America and Colombia, and naturalized in parts of Asia, Africa, Australia, South America, and various oceanic islands. Varieties 1.  \n*  Tradescantia zebrina var. flocculosa (G.Brückn.) D.R.Hunt - tropical Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras 2.  \n*  Tradescantia zebrina var. mollipila D.R.Hunt - tropical Mexico 3.  \n*  Tradescantia zebrina var. zebrina - most of Mexico from north to south, Central America, Colombia
Hannay was educated at Imperial College London where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biochemistry. He went on to study for a PhD in neuroplasticity of the hippocampus of laboratory rats from the University of Oxford supervised by Alan Larkman.
Fort Point Channel Historic District is a historic district located along Congress, Summer and A streets in South Boston, Massachusetts on the south side of Fort Point Channel. The district includes the Boston Children's Museum (pictured, right), located in a renovated 19th-century brick industrial building, and the Boston Fire Museum, housed in the 1891 Congress Street Fire Station.
With You in Mind is Alma Cogan's second album, issued in 1961. It was her first album to be released on Columbia Records, an EMI Records label. The original mono version of the album was re-issued on compact disc by EMI Records in 2003, combined with Cogan's previous album, I Love to Sing. The stereo versions of the album release are included on the 2001 EMI Records 4-CD boxset, The Girl With a Laugh in Her Voice.
L'Enfant prodigue (French pronunciation: ​[lɑ̃.fɑ̃ pʁɔ.diɡ], French for \"The Prodigal Son\") was the first feature-length motion picture produced in Europe, running 90 minutes. Directed by Michel Carré, from his own three-act stage pantomime, The Prodigal Son. The film was basically an unmodified filmed record of his play. Filmed at the Gaumont Film Company studios in May 1907. The movie premiered at the Théâtre des Variétés on the Boulevard Montmartre, in Paris, on June 20, 1907. Carré directed another film version of L'Enfant prodigue in 1916.
Tony Smet (16 February 1870, date of death unknown) was a Belgian fencer. He competed in the individual foil and épée events at the 1900 Summer Olympics. He finished the foil event in 14th place.
The Reluctant Widow is a 1950 British drama film directed by Bernard Knowles and starring Jean Kent, Guy Rolfe, Paul Dupuis and Lana Morris. It is based on the novel The Reluctant Widow by Georgette Heyer, with the screenplay written by Gordon Wellesley and others. A French governess marries a British aristocrat, and inherits his country house when he dies. The ongoing Napoleonic Wars see her become embroiled with a spy ring.
Viola betonicifolia, commonly known as the arrowhead violet, showy violet or mountain violet, is a small perennial herbaceous shrub of the Viola, which contains pansies and violets. It occurs from India and Pakistan in southern Asia throughout eastern Australia and Tasmania. It grows in shaded habitat in forests.
Cinderella Jones is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Busby Berkeley and written by Charles Hoffman. The film stars Joan Leslie, Robert Alda, Julie Bishop, William Prince, S. Z. Sakall and Edward Everett Horton. The film was released by Warner Bros. on March 9, 1946.
Madan-e Khak-e Nasuz-e Godar Dashtuk (Persian: معدن خاك نسوز گداردشتوك‎‎, also Romanized as Ma‘dan-e Khāk-e Nasūz-e Godār Dashtūk) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 4 families.
God Made Them... I Kill Them (Italian: Dio li crea... Io li ammazzo!, also known as God Forgives: His Life Is Mine) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film written by Fernando Di Leo and directed by Paolo Bianchini.
Jankowice [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Srokowo, 14 km (9 mi) north of Kętrzyn, and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
Slippery When Wet is the third studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi. It was released on August 18, 1986 through Mercury Records in North America and Vertigo Records internationally. The album was produced by Bruce Fairbairn. Recording sessions took place between January and July 1986 at Little Mountain Sound Studios in Vancouver, Canada. Slippery When Wet was an instant commercial success. The album features songs that are today considered Bon Jovi's most well-known tracks, such as the singles \"You Give Love a Bad Name\", \"Livin' on a Prayer\" and \"Wanted Dead or Alive\". The album spent eight weeks at No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart and was named by Billboard as the top-selling album of 1987. Slippery When Wet is the band's best-selling album to date, with an RIAA certification of 12× Platinum, making it one of the top 100 best-selling album in the United States. The album was featured in the 2005 book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Format is a double-disc compilation album by English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys. The album consists of B-sides from various singles released from 1996 to 2009 (Bilingual through Yes, or \"Before\" to \"Did You See Me Coming?\"). It is their second B-sides album after Alternative (1995), which collected B-sides from the time of their first version of \"Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of Money)\" (1985) through \"Yesterday, When I Was Mad\" (1994). The album's release was initially announced in November 2011, then officially on 19 December 2011 through the Pet Shop Boys' official website, offering it for pre-order. The album was released on 6 February 2012 in the UK, but was released earlier in various territories worldwide, including Australia, where it was released on 3 February. The album debuted at number 26 on the UK Albums Chart, selling 5,909 copies in its first week.
Allmann Sattler Wappner Architekten is a German architecture firm based in Munich. Established in 1987, it has existed in its current form since 1993. In 1997, Allmann Sattler Wappner Architekten received the German Architecture Award. Among many other buildings they had designed the Dornier Museum in Friedrichshafen, the Herz Jesu Church and the Haus der Gegenwart in Munich. According to the firm they currently employ 60 members of staff. Allmann Sattler Wappner Architekten has received several internationally recognized architecture awards, including the LEAF Award 2004 and the ECOLA Award 2006.
Super Pack 2 is a compilation album by hip hop group Fly Union. The album was released on February 28, 2013. The album compiles three EPs from Fly Union's Value Pack EP series (Value Pack 5, Value Pack 6 and Value Pack 7 (Zenith)). The album features guest appearances from artists Chip tha Ripper, and GLC,
Fuck the Kids is a 7\" EP by NOFX. All the tracks were recorded in one day over the course of about four hours. Fat Mike had written all the songs, but none of the other band members knew them. Mike would teach the band the song, they would record it, keeping the first take where the band actually managed to make it through the whole song, and then move on. Mike refers to it as \"sloppiness in pure form. You can't fake that kind of sloppiness.\" The EP was later included on the second disc of 45 or 46 Songs That Weren't Good Enough to Go on Our Other Records, but with one track omitted (\"Stupid Canadians\") in order to preserve the uniqueness of the original 7\" release. The first 500 copies were pressed on clear-green vinyl, while all others appeared on black vinyl. It has sold a total of 35,000 copies. The seven inch artwork is the same as Propagandhi's seven inch \"How to Clean a Couple o' Things\" (which had been built on top of the artwork for \"The P.M.R.C. Can Suck on This!\") but includes the NOFX logo and a puppet.
Zoom (also known as Zoom: Academy for Superheroes) is a 2006 American family science fiction superhero action-adventure comedy film based upon the children's book Amazing Adventures from Zoom's Academy by Jason Lethcoe. Directed by Peter Hewitt, the film stars Tim Allen, Kate Mara, Spencer Breslin, Michael Cassidy, Kevin Zegers, Courteney Cox, Chevy Chase, Ryan Newman, and Rip Torn. It was written by Adam Rifkin and David Berenbaum. It was theatrically released on August 8, 2006 by Columbia Pictures. The film received negative reviews from critics, earned $12.5 million on a $35 million budget and was a box office bomb. Zoom was nominated for one Razzie Award, Worst Actor for Tim Allen (also nominated for The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause and The Shaggy Dog), but he lost to Marlon and Shawn Wayans for Little Man. Zoom was released on DVD on February 13, 2007 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
The Stephen Hastings House is a historic house at 20 Squareshire Road in Sterling, Massachusetts. Built in 1794, this 2.5 story house is believed to be the earliest brick house built in what is now Sterling. The brick is laid in Flemish bond on the front facade, and in English bond on the other three sides, and there are four large end-wall chimneys. A kitchen ell, dating to the 20th century, extends from the rear of the house. Most of its styling (both interior and exterior) is Federal, although some Greek Revival styling was added in the 19th century. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Wibbel the Tailor (German:Schneider Wibbel) is a 1939 German historical comedy film directed by Viktor de Kowa and starring Erich Ponto, Fita Benkhoff and Irene von Meyendorff. It is an adaptation of the play Wibbel the Tailor by Hans Müller-Schlösser. It is set in Düsseldorf during its occupation by French troops during the Napoleonic Wars.
Heaven Knows is the 1992 released through Sony Music debut album by Australian singer-songwriter Rick Price. The album peaked at #3 in Australia in July 1992 and spent 23 weeks in the ARIA Top 40 chart. The second single, and title track \"Heaven Knows\" also charted in many countries in Europe and Asia and won the APRA Award song of the year. There were 3 issues of the album including a US release and a double CD Australian Tour Pressing in 1993.
Klewki [ˈklɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przasnysz and 90 km (56 mi) north of Warsaw.
Mir Ahmad (Persian: ميراحمد‎‎, also Romanized as Mīr Ahmad and Mīr Aḩmad; also known as Mīr Aḩmadī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 703, in 138 families.
Chahu Genow-e Pain (Persian: چاهوگنوپائين‎‎, also Romanized as Chāhū Genow-e Pā'īn; also known as Poshteh-ye Mowlā) is a village in Tazian Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 20 families.
Queen of the Night (German:Königin einer Nacht) is a 1931 French musical comedy film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Friedl Haerlin, Karl Ludwig Diehl and Walter Janssen. It is an operetta film. It is the German-language version of the French film La Femme d'une nuit. A separate Italian version was also made. Multiple-language versions were a common feature of the early years of sound before dubbing became firmly established. The film's set's were designed by the art director Pierre Schild.
Qaleh Juq-e Sofla (Persian: قلعه جوق سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jūq-e Soflá; also known as Qal‘eh Jūq-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 17 families.
Charbowo [xarˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kłecko, 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Gniezno, and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Waswanipi is a Cree village municipality in the territory of Eeyou Istchee in northern Quebec; it has a distinct legal status and classification from other kinds of village municipalities in Quebec: Naskapi village municipalities, northern villages (Inuit communities), and ordinary villages. As with all other Cree village municipalities in Quebec, there is a counterpart Cree reserved land of the same name located nearby: Waswanipi. Despite the title of \"village municipality\" and the formalities that go along with it (for instance, having a mayor), Statistics Canada lists it (and all other Cree village municipalities in Quebec) as having no resident population or residential infrastructure (dwellings); it is the Cree reserved lands that are listed as having population and residential dwellings in the 2011 census, the 2006 census, and earlier censuses.
Vee Technologies is a global strategic services company that provides business process outsourcing services in healthcare, engineering,information technology,legal processing, logistics processing,finance & accounting, and media monitoring & analytics. It is dually headquartered in New York City, U.S., and Bangalore, Karnataka India.
Bad Lands is a 1939 Western film. Bad Lands is a remake of John Ford's The Lost Patrol, with the locale changed from the Mesopotamian to the Arizona desert starring Victor McLaglen.
(This article is about the Hong Kong action film. For other uses, see Hard boiled (disambiguation).) Hard Boiled (Chinese: 辣手神探) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film written and directed by John Woo, and starring Chow Yun-fat as Inspector \"Tequila\" Yuen, Tony Leung Chiu-Wai as Alan an undercover cop, and Anthony Wong as Johnny Wong, a leader of the criminal triads. The film features Tequila, whose partner (Bowie Lam) is killed in a tea house gunfight with a small army of gangsters. One of the mob's high-ranking assassins is the undercover cop Alan, who must team up with Tequila for their common pursuit of taking down Wong's crime syndicate. The film leads up to a climax in a hospital, where the two must rescue innocent civilians and new born babies from the maternity ward while fighting off dozens of mob hitmen. Hard Boiled was John Woo's last Hong Kong film before his transition to Hollywood. After making films that glamorized gangsters (and receiving criticism for doing so), Woo wanted to make a Dirty Harry styled film to glamorize the police. After the death of screenwriter Barry Wong, the film's screenplay underwent constant changes during filming. New characters such as Mad Dog and Mr. Woo were introduced, while the original plotline of a baby poisoning psychopath was cut. The film was released in Hong Kong in 1992 to generally positive audience reception, but it was not as commercially successful as Woo's previous action films, such as A Better Tomorrow and The Killer. Reception from western critics was much more positive; many critics and film scholars have come to proclaim its action scenes as among the best ever filmed. In 2007, a video game sequel titled Stranglehold was released, which is in the process of being made into a film.
Siderúrgica de Orinoco C.A. \"Alfredo Maneiro\" (Sidor) is the biggest Venezuelan steel corporation. The company is situated in an industrial zone in Ciudad Guayana, Bolívar State, near the Orinoco River. Major iron deposits were found in the area in 1926 and 1947. Mining companies constructed rail infrastructure to take iron ore to ports on the Orinoco river. The Sidor plant was designed to make use of hydro-electricity from the Caroni, a tributary of the Orinoco, to process iron ore which had been hitherto exported.
Caldwell Hall is a male dormitory for 42 upper-class students and one of 10 housing options for students at the Catholic University of America. Cardinal James Gibbons, Archbishop of Baltimore, and President Grover Cleveland dedicated the building on May 24, 1888. It was named for Mary Gwendolyn Caldwell. Sealed in the cornerstone is the original letter dated April 10, 1887 from Pope Leo XIII approving the University's founding. The building contains a chapel, paid for by Caldwell's sister, Mary Elizabeth, and a wing of the building known as \"the House,\" which is inhabited by student ministers.
Silent Strength is the first solo studio album by American singer Shirley Jones of The Partridge Family music group. The album features 11 tracks of contemporary christian music songs. The track \"You'll Never Walk Alone\" is an updated cover version of the song Shirley Jones originally recorded for the film Carousel. Silent Strength was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee. It was produced by George King and arranged by David T. Clydesdale who also co-produced. Silent Strength was released in 1989 and issued on Diadem Records. It was available on compact disc and on cassette tape but not on vinyl.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross (July 8, 1926 – August 24, 2004) was a Swiss-American psychiatrist, a pioneer in near-death studies and the author of the groundbreaking book On Death and Dying (1969), where she first discussed her theory of the five stages of grief. She was a 2007 inductee into the American National Women's Hall of Fame. She was the recipient of twenty honorary degrees and by July 1982 had taught, in her estimation, 125,000 students in death and dying courses in colleges, seminaries, medical schools, hospitals, and social-work institutions. In 1970, she delivered The Ingersoll Lectures on Human Immortality at Harvard University, on the theme, On Death and Dying.
Jennifer Tour Chayes (born September 20, 1956) is Managing Director and Distinguished Scientist at Microsoft Research New England in Cambridge, Massachusetts, which she founded in 2008, and Microsoft Research New York City, which she founded in 2012. Chayes has been with Microsoft Research since 1997, when she co-founded the Theory Group. She received her Ph.D. in mathematical physics at Princeton University. She is Affiliate Professor of Mathematics and Physics at the University of Washington, and was for many years Professor of Mathematics at UCLA.
Blue Bird Corporation (originally known as the Blue Bird Body Company) is an American bus manufacturer headquartered in Fort Valley, Georgia. Best known for as a manufacturer of school buses, the company has also manufactured a wide variety of other bus types, including transit buses, motorhomes, and specialty vehicles such as mobile libraries and mobile police command centers. Currently, Blue Bird concentrates its product lineup on school and activity buses and specialty vehicle derivatives. After company founder A.L. Luce produced a steel-panel school bus in his auto dealership in 1927, he started production of bus bodies exclusively in 1932, founding Blue Bird Body Company in Fort Valley, Georgia. Remaining under family control into the early 1990s, the company changed hands several times in the 2000s and became publicly owned in February 2015, with previous owner Cerberus Capital Management holding a 58% share of the company.
The House of Refuge at Gilbert's Bar, also known as Gilbert's Bar House of Refuge, the House of Refuge Museum, or simply the House of Refuge, is an historic building located at 301 S.E. MacArthur Boulevard, on Hutchinson Island east of Stuart, Florida. It is the oldest surviving building in Martin County. This House of Refuge is the last remaining of nearly a dozen shipwreck life-saving stations on Florida's Atlantic Coast. Built in 1876 to help stranded sailors, its long colorful history spans nearly 70 years. Today it is owned by the Martin County government and leased to the Martin County Historical Society, which operates it as a museum exhibiting life-saving equipment used over the years and showcasing the keeper's quarters, c. 1904. On May 3, 1974, the House of Refuge was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Attack of the Killer Hog is a 2000 Argentine horror film directed and written by Agustín Cavalieri and Marcos Meroni. The film premiered in December 2000 in Buenos Aires and was released also in Germany with an 18 certificate by Epix Media.
Shur Ab (Persian: شوراب‎‎, also Romanized as Shūr Āb and Shoorab) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 232, in 64 families.
Seribazar (Persian: سري بازار‎‎, also Romanized as Serībāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 494, in 98 families.
Houstonia rosea, the rose bluet, is a North American plant species in the coffee family. It is a tiny plant only a few centimeters tall, with pink flowers. It is native to the south-central United States: Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and southern Missouri.
Rock & Roll (ATCO Records 33-303) is the fifth album by American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge, released in September 1969. It peaked at #34 on the Billboard album charts in October of that year. The album was the band's last studio album prior to their initial break-up in the spring of 1970.
Disporum viridescens is a species of flowering plant in the genus Disporum. Like other species in the genus, it grows from a rhizome. The plant is 30 to 80 cm tall, with a stem that may branch. The leaves are more-or-less ovate in shape with a very short petiole (stalk). One or two open flowers are borne at the ends of stems; they have greenish white tepals which are 1.5 to 2 cm long. Flowering is in late spring to early summer (May to June in the northern hemisphere). Black berries around 1 cm in diameter appear a few months later. Plants grow in woodland or on grassy slopes at altitudes up to 600 m in northeastern China, eastern Russia, Japan and Korea. \n* Plant growing in cultivation near Sutton Coldfield, England
The US Post Office—Easthampton Main is a historic post office building at 19 Union Street in Easthampton, Massachusetts. The Neo-Classical single story building was built in 1933 for a cost (of land and construction) of about $75,000. The architect is unknown, but the building design resembles the work of Knox Taylor, who designed a number of post offices earlier in the 20th century. The brick building features limestone trim, and has a central portico supported by Corinthian columns. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It is currently being used as a senior center.
Vices is the third full-length album by Christian hard rock band Dead Poetic. The album was released on October 31, 2006 through Tooth & Nail Records. Aaron Sprinkle once again produced the album, and Chino Moreno of Deftones contributed guest vocals to \"Paralytic.\" Lead vocalist Brandon Rike left the band shortly before the album's release and the band's remaining members opted not to continue with the band, although recently it has been stated that the band has not broken up, and will continue writing music. The album is a departure from Dead Poetic's earlier work in many ways. First, only Rike and guitarist Zach Miles remained from the band's lineup on its 2004 breakthrough, New Medicines. Second, Rike does not scream on the record, thus abandoning the band's earlier post-hardcore sound in favor of straight-up rock & roll. Finally, as a result of this shift in styles, Vices is released solely through Tooth & Nail, not through Tooth & Nail's heavier subsidiary Solid State Records, which released the band's first two albums. Vices peaked at #7 on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart.
Taylors UniLink is located in the city of Melbourne, Australia, offering accredited higher education diplomas. These programs combine detailed academic preparation with educational enrichment features, to ensure students are prepared for all aspects of university learning. Taylors UniLink is a part of Study Group, a global leader in private higher education, language and career education, with a global network of specialist education counsellors and nearly 200 university partnerships across the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Europe, China, Australia and New Zealand.
Other Violets is the third album by the free jazz quartet The Engines, consisting of saxophonist Dave Rempis, trombonist Jeb Bishop, bassist Nate McBride and drummer Tim Daisy. The album documents a collaboration with Danish reedist John Tchicai, which was recorded live at Chicago's Hungry Brain in 2011 and released on the Polish Not Two label.
Flying Down to Rio is a 1933 American Pre-Code RKO musical film noted for being the first screen pairing of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, although Dolores del Río and Gene Raymond received top billing and the leading roles. Among the featured players Franklin Pangborn and Eric Blore are notable. The songs in the film were written by Vincent Youmans (music) and Gus Kahn and Edward Eliscu (lyrics), with musical direction and additional music by Max Steiner. This is the only film in which screen veteran Rogers was billed above famed Broadway dancer Astaire. The black-and-white film (later computer-colorized) was directed by Thornton Freeland and produced by Merian C. Cooper and Lou Brock. The screenplay was written by Erwin S. Gelsey, H.W. Hanemann and Cyril Hume, based on a story by Lou Brock and a play by Anne Caldwell. Linwood Dunn did the special effects for the celebrated airplane-wing-dance sequence at the end of the film.
Franklin C. Crow or Frank Crow is a computer scientist who has made important contributions to computer graphics, including some of the first practical spatial anti-aliasing techniques. Crow also proposed the shadow volume technique for generating geometrically accurate shadows. Interactive shadow volume rendering was popularized by the video game Doom 3.
PKP Polskie Linie Kolejowe S.A. is a company of the PKP Group and is responsible for maintenance of rail tracks, conducting the trains across country, scheduling train timetables and management of railway land. The company was founded after dividing Polskie Koleje Państwowe (national rail operator) into several separate companies to meet European Union Standards.
Char Adhyay (English: Four Chapters) 1997 Indian Hindi drama film written and directed Kumar Shahani. It is based on Rabindranath Tagore's last novel by the same name, written in 1934. The film is set in the late Bengali Renaissance of the 1930s and 1940s, and a group of young intellectuals and revolutionaries involved with the Indian independence movement. It deals with the impact of political issues on personal lives and questions blind nationalism and blind adherence to a leader and delves into the ugly face of idealism. Most of the cast included non-actors, Nandini Ghosal was an Odissi dancer a disciple of Guru Kelucharan Mahapatra, Kaushik Gopal was a psychoanalyst, while Sumanto Chattopadhyay worked in advertising and acted in theatre.
Comarostaphylis diversifolia, known by the common names summer holly and California comarostaphylos, is a species of shrub in the heath family. It is native to Southern California and northern Baja California, where it grows in coastal chaparral habitat.
Kharabeh-ye Qaderlu (Persian: خرابه قادرلو‎‎, also Romanized as Kharābeh-ye Qāderlū; also known as Kharābeh-ye Qadīrlū) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.
The Caledonian Steam Packet Company provided a scheduled shipping service, carrying freight and passengers, on the west coast of Scotland. Formed in 1889 to complement the services of the Caledonian Railway, the company expanded by taking over rival ferry companies. In 1973, they were merged with MacBraynes as Caledonian MacBrayne.
Tomparitak (Persian: تم پريتك‎‎, also Romanized as Tomparītak) is a village in Tukahur Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 12 families.
The Best of Salt 'n Pepa is a greatest hits album by American hip hop trio Salt-n-Pepa. It was released in November 1999. The album featured tracks from their five studio albums, Hot, Cool & Vicious, A Salt with a Deadly Pepa, Blacks' Magic, Very Necessary and Brand New.A remixed version of their 1998 song \"Gitty Up\" was released as a single now titled \"The Brick Track Versus Gitty Up\" which charted in the top 20 in Australia and New Zealand in 2000.
The Everly Brothers' Best is the first compilation album by the rock and roll duo The Everly Brothers, released in 1959 by their first record company, Cadence Records. The album contains both sides of their first six singles for the label in chronological order.Allmusic states in their review: \"this original Cadence compilation still holds up nicely after almost half-a-century.\"
Balubadi  is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,926 people living in 985 individual households.
Richard Pryor: Live on the Sunset Strip is a 1982 American stand-up comedy film directed by Joe Layton and starring Richard Pryor. The film is based on Richard Pryor's album Richard Pryor: Live on the Sunset Strip. Released in 1982, the film was the most financially lucrative of the comedian's concert films. The material includes Pryor's frank discussion of his drug addiction and of the June 9, 1980 night that he caught on fire while freebasing cocaine.
SME, Inc. (also SME Branding) is a full-service strategic brand-building and design consultancy headquartered in the Midtown Manhattan area of New York City. Work includes brand management, brand strategy, positioning (marketing), brand identity, marketing, traditional and digital engagement, naming, advertising, social media and digital media for sports and entertainment, higher education, consumer goods and non-profit industries.
Flowing Gold is a 1940 adventure film starring John Garfield, Frances Farmer, and Pat O'Brien. It was based on the novel of the same name by Rex Beach. The film is set in the American oilfields and the title refers to oil.
How to Handle Women is a lost 1928 silent film comedy directed by William James Craft and starring Glenn Tryon. It was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. The film had several working titles i.e.: Fresh Every Hour, The Prince of Peanuts, Meet the Prince, Three Days.
Atwater High School is a secondary school in Atwater, California, United States. It is a part of the Merced Union High School District. AHS competes as a member of the Central California League of the Sac-Joaquin Section.
Alexander Rödiger (born 14 May 1985) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2006. He won a silver medal in the four-man event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Rödiger also won a silver medal in the four-man event at the FIBT World Championships 2009 in Lake Placid, New York. Rödiger was part of the four-man crew that set start and track records at the 2008-09 Bobsleigh World Cup season opener in Winterberg, Germany. His only other World Cup victory was at the track in Calgary in December 2006 and that was also in the four-man event. Rödiger also finished second in the four-man event at the Junior FIBT World Championships in 2008.
Bloom is a 2003 Irish film written and directed by Sean Walsh, based on the novel Ulysses by James Joyce. The film premiered at the 2003 Taormina Film Festival. Angeline Ball won the award for \"Best Actress in a Film\" at the Irish Film and Television Awards. The soundtrack was written and produced by David Kahne. In 1967, the novel Ulysses was made into a film of the same name.
The Ephriam DuPuy Stone House is located on Whitfield Road near the hamlet of Kerhonkson, New York, United States, in the Ulster County town of Rochester. It was built in the mid-18th century. It has been very well preserved since the time of its construction. In 1995 it and a wellhouse on the property were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
East Syracuse is an incorporated village and a suburb of the City of Syracuse in eastern Onondaga County, New York. United States. As of the 2010 U.S. census, the village had a population of 3,084. It is located immediately east of Syracuse, in the town of DeWitt.
Ri Song-Hui (born December 3, 1978) is a North Korean weightlifter who competed in the women's 58 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal with 220.0 kg in total. She repeated this in the 2004 Summer Olympics, this time lifting a total of 232.5 kg. With 102 kg she broke the world record in snatch in the women's 53 kg class.
Jaco Fourie is a South African equestrian athlete and SA National Champion in dressage. He lives near Kathu, South Africa in the Northern Cape, on a Kalahari farm. He appeared on the cover of the May 2007 edition of the SA Horseman Magazine. Since 2009 he is married to Magda Fourie and together they have 2 daughters \"Hanneke & Adelinde Fourie\". The couple own & manage Areion Warmblood Horses & Dressage Academy.
Overheard 3 (Chinese: 竊聽風雲3) is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese crime-thriller film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong and starring Sean Lau, Louis Koo, Daniel Wu, Zhou Xun and Michelle Ye. It is the sequel to the 2011's film Overheard 2 where Lau, Koo and Wu play different roles with a different storyline (abolishing the Small House Policy), but the key elements of the previous two films are kept. The film was released on 29 May 2014 in China and on 5 June 2014 in Hong Kong.
The Armenian Evangelical Shamlian Tatigian Secondary School (Armenian: Հայ Աւետարանական Շամլեան Թաթիկեան Երկրորդական Վարժարան) is located in Bourj-Hammoud, a suburb to the north east of Beirut, Lebanon. It began in 1934 with kindergarten and primary classes only. Now it has 300 pupils and kindergarten, primary and secondary classes.
Salimabad (Persian: سليماباد‎‎, also Romanized as Salīmābād; also known as Salmābād) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,020, in 264 families.
My Cousin Vinny is a 1992 American comedy film written by Dale Launer and directed by Jonathan Lynn. The film stars Joe Pesci, Ralph Macchio, Marisa Tomei, Mitchell Whitfield, Lane Smith, Bruce McGill, and Fred Gwynne. This was Gwynne's last film appearance before his death on July 2, 1993. The film deals with two young New Yorkers traveling through rural Alabama who are put on trial for a murder they did not commit, and the comical attempts of a cousin, Vincent Gambini, a newly minted lawyer, to defend them. Much of the humor comes from the contrasting personalities of the brash Italian-American New Yorkers, Vinny and his fiancée Mona Lisa, and the more reserved Southern townspeople. Lawyers have praised the comedy's realistic depiction of courtroom procedure and trial strategy. Pesci, Gwynne and Tomei received critical praise for their performances, and Tomei won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
The Liberty Tower, formerly the Sinclair Oil Building, located at 55 Liberty Street at the corner of Nassau Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City was built in 1909-10 as a commercial office building and was designed by Chicago architect Henry Ives Cobb in a Gothic Revival style. It was built on a site adjacent to the New York City Chamber of Commerce Building (1901); the subsequent New York Federal Reserve Bank building was constructed to the east, across Nassau Street, in 1922. A completely free-standing 33-story building, in 1909 Liberty Tower was the tallest building in the world with such a small footprint. Because the then new principles of \"skyscraper\" design were not yet fully understood, the building was overbuilt, with its steel foundation anchored deeply into bedrock five stories below street level. This overly sturdy construction helped this tall, slender building withstand the collapse of two World Trade Towers only 220 yards to the west on September 11, 2001, with only minimal damage despite the impact which was measured at the time as a 3.3 magnitude seismic event. The limestone building is covered in white architectural terracotta ornamented with birds and alligators and other fanciful subjects.
Dalin (Persian: دالين‎‎, also Romanized as Dālīn; also known as Dehāli) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,256, in 509 families.
Kanto Auto Works (関東自動車工業); is a Japanese automobile body manufacturer. It is a member of the Toyota Group. On July 1, 2012, three Toyota subcontractors Central Motors, Toyota Motors Tohoku, and Kanto Auto Works combined into one company, with all manufacturing facilities and assets of the three former companies to now be known as Toyota Motor East Japan, Inc.
Elizabeth Wright (born 9 November 1979) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer who won one bronze at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and a bronze and silver at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She also has a Master of Philosophy in fine arts (photography).
12 Storeys (十二樓 or Shí'èr lóu in Mandarin) is a 1997 Singaporean drama film directed by Eric Khoo. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
Jensenobotrya lossowiana is the only species of genus Jensenobotrya, in the Aizoaceae family. It is a succulent plant endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It grows at Dolphin Head in Spencer Bay where it obtains moisture from the saline mists. It is threatened by habitat loss. Jensenobotrya is named after Emil Jensen and the Greek botrya (bunch of grapes), because the leaves look like grapes. The vernacular name druiwetrosvygie means 'bunch of grapes mesemb'.
The New County Jail is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26, 1989.
Whitehill Secondary School (formerly Whitehill Senior Secondary School) is a Scottish non-denominational comprehensive secondary school located in the suburb of Dennistoun in Glasgow. The school is a part of the Whitehill Campus, along with Golfhill Primary School and Westercraigs Nursery. The campus was assembled in 2007, following the closure of the Golfhill Primary building due to structural issues. The school moved into the main building in 2009, with Westercraigs having their own structure.
Make America Psycho Again is the first remix album by Fall Out Boy, released on October 30, 2015. The album is a remix of the band's original album American Beauty/American Psycho, with a different rapper on each song. The album drew in over 13,000 equivalent copies in the United States its debut week. The title alludes to Donald Trump's \"Make America Great Again\" campaign slogan. The album art features the same face-painted boy from the original album holding a sparkler. The cover also has a red tint on the photo.
I Am Not a Serial Killer is a 2016 Irish-British supernatural thriller film directed by Billy O'Brien and based on Dan Wells' 2009 novel of the same name. It stars Christopher Lloyd, Max Records, Laura Fraser, and Christina Baldwin. Shooting began in Virginia, Minnesota, on 28 February 2015. It premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival on 13 March 2016, and received limited theatrical and video on demand release on 26 August.
To Mega Therion (meaning the great beast in Greek) is the second studio album by Swiss extreme metal band Celtic Frost, released on 27 October 1985 by Noise Records. The cover artwork is a painting by H. R. Giger entitled Satan I. The album was a major influence on the then-developing death metal and black metal genres.
Knaack (German: Knaack-Klub) was a nightclub in Prenzlauer Berg in Berlin, Germany. It opened in 1952 as a youth club and occasional disco. It then developed during the East German era into a live music venue where many notable German bands played regularly. Gentrification of the surrounding area in the late 2000s led to complaints about the club's noise from residents of newly constructed apartment buildings nearby. A court case resulted, placing restrictions on the noise levels, which the owners judged made the club financially untenable, resulting in its closure on 31 December 2010. After efforts to reopen in another district, the club secured new premises in Prenzlauer Berg and announced in February 2013 that they planned to reopen in 2016.
Lantana is a 2001 Australian drama film, directed by Ray Lawrence and starring Anthony LaPaglia, Kerry Armstrong, Geoffrey Rush and Barbara Hershey. It is based on the play Speaking In Tongues by Andrew Bovell, which premiered at Sydney's Griffin Theatre Company. The film won seven AACTA Awards including Best Film and Best Adapted Screenplay. Lantana is set in suburban Sydney and focuses on the complex relationships between the characters in the film. The central event of the film is the disappearance and death of a woman whose body is shown at the start of the film, but whose identity is not revealed until later. The film's name derives from the plant Lantana, a weed prevalent in suburban Sydney.
Battle Girl: The Living Dead in Tokyo Bay is a 1991 Japanese horror film directed by Kazuo Komizu. It stars Cutie Suzuki as a survivor of a zombie apocalypse in Tokyo.
Aghuzbon (Persian: اغوزبن‎‎, also Romanized as Āghūzbon, Aghoozbon, Āghowzbon; also known as Aguzban and Āqhūzbon) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 43 families.
Amici per la pelle (also known as Amis pour la vie  in France) is a 1955 Italian and French comedy-drama film directed by Franco Rossi. It was nominated for \"Best Film\" at the 10th British Academy Film Awards.
Keego Harbor is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,970 at the 2010 census. The city originated as a real estate investment and planned resort established by Pontiac lawyer Joseph E. Sawyer circa 1900. The name Keego is said to mean \"big fish\" in an Indian language.  The harbor is Dollar Lake, that was connected to Cass Lake via a new canal that developer Sawyer had dug when the town was created. The community lies along Cass Lake, one of the lakes that make up the lakes district of western Oakland County, an area renowned for its water recreation resources.
GNV FLA is the seventh studio album by Less Than Jake, released on June 24, 2008 on Sleep It Off and Cooking Vinyl. The album was produced by both Matt Allison and the band's co-lead vocalist and bass guitarist Roger Lima.
Kunihiko Kodaira (小平 邦彦 Kodaira Kunihiko, 16 March 1915 – 26 July 1997) was a Japanese mathematician known for distinguished work in algebraic geometry and the theory of complex manifolds, and as the founder of the Japanese school of algebraic geometers. He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1954, being the first Japanese national to receive this honour.
Fremont School, also known as Freemont School, is a historic elementary school building located in Spartanburg, Spartanburg County, South Carolina. It was built in 1915, and is a two-story, brick Classical Revival style building with a partially raised basement, and a major addition built in 1926. It features decorative brickwork, terra cotta ornamentation, and entrance porticoes. The building housed an elementary school from 1915 to 1979. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Siah Karbon (Persian: سياه كاربن‎‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Kārbon; also known as Sīāh Gārbon, Sīāh Kārbun, and Siakh-Karbun) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 21 families.
Phlox stolonifera (creeping phlox or moss phlox) is a herbaceous perennial plant spreading by stolons, native to woodland in and near the Appalachian Mountains from Pennsylvania south to northern Georgia. There are naturalized populations as far north as Québec. Flowers are pale purple, pink, or white, 2–2.5 cm (0.79–0.98 in) across, with a five-lobed corolla and yellow stamens, borne on stems 15–25 cm (6–10 in) tall. They lack the central band of color that is present in Phlox subulata. Leaves are ovate. Those on creeping stems are 3–4.5 cm (1.2–1.8 in) long and 1.8 cm (0.71 in) broad, those on the erect flowering stems smaller, 2 cm (1 in) long.
Morawka [mɔˈrafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, 11 km (7 mi) east of Ciechanów, and 70 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
Diego Castro (born 28 September 1990) is a male Guatemalan recurve archer. He competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Festuca subuliflora is a species of grass known by the common name crinkleawn fescue. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California where it is most abundant in the moist forests of the coastal mountains. This fescue is a loosely clumping perennial bunchgrass with stems reaching one half to over one meter in height. It has many soft, flat, somewhat hairy leaves which often have prominent ribs. The drooping inflorescence has narrow spikelets with awns up to 15 millimeters long which are often, but not always, crinkled.
Cushing Academy is a coeducational college preparatory boarding school for grades 9 through 12 plus an optional postgraduate year located in Ashburnham, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1865 in fulfilment of a bequest by Thomas Parkman Cushing and opened in 1875, and is sometimes cited as the oldest coeducational boarding school in the United States. Christopher Torino has been headmaster since July 2013. Cushing Academy has approximately 400 students, from 26 states and 28 countries. 85% board on campus. The faculty-student ratio is 1:8 and 68% of faculty hold advanced degrees. Cushing Academy's campus overlooks the town center of Ashburnham. Cushing's academic structures include the historic Main Building, dedicated in January 1894 a year after its predecessor was destroyed by fire, (housing administrative offices, classrooms, Cowell Chapel), the Joseph R. Curry Academic Center (for mathematics, science, and performing arts), the English Building, and the Emily Fisher Landau Center for the Visual Arts (with a gallery for shows of student and guest artists' work; studios for painting and drawing, metalsmithing, pottery, photography, and glass). Dormitories include Ashburnham House, Alumni Hall, Lowe Hall, Vose Hall, Sawyer-Hopkins, Price Hall, and Cooke Hall. There are several smaller house dorms as well, including Schottland House, which opened in 2011. Athletic facilities include Theodore Iorio Arena (for boys' and girls' hockey), Quimby Field (a turf field with lights for night games and special events), and numerous athletic fields. The Watkins Field House, opened in 2016, provides 30,000 square-feet of state-of-the-art space for basketball and volleyball, a fitness center, and athletic training facilities. In 2009, the Academy upgraded and renovated the Fisher-Watkins Library to include thousands of digital titles and electronic resources, large screen TVs for news broadcasts, campus and schedule information, and themed photo galleries. The space features special laptop-friendly study carrels, a cafe, open-concept classrooms/meeting spaces, technology offices, faculty lounge, and a central reference desk. During 2015, Cushing Academy's sesquicentennial year, students and faculty reflected on the school's history with on-campus celebrations, speakers, and special events. Alumni, parents, and friends joined the Cushing community at events celebrating this milestone, including gatherings across the country; a compilation of remembered stories, both written and oral; the launch of the Cushing Performing Arts Series; and reunion celebration.
Jameh Shuran (Persian: جامه شوران‎‎, also Romanized as Jāmeh Shūrān; also known as Jamaishūrāu and Jameh Shūrā’ū) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 320, in 77 families.
The Holland-Towne House is a historic house on North Street in Petersham, Massachusetts. Built abuilt 1752 by Jonas Holland, it is one the town's four surviving colonial-era houses. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, as the \"Holland-Towne House\".
Bābā Jān Tepe (Tappa), an archeological site in north-eastern Luristan (34° north latitude, 47° 56’ east longitude), on the southern edge of the Delfān plain at approximately 10 km from Nūrābād, important primarily for excavations of first-millennium B.C. levels conducted by C. Goff from 1966-69. Work concentrated on two mounds joined by a saddle. The East Mound (85 m in diameter, 9 m high) yielded a series of first-millennium B.C. buildings (Baba Jan III-I) above Bronze Age (Baba Jan IV) graves. On the Central Mound (120 m in diameter, 15 m high), excavation concentrated on the Baba Jan III Manor on the summit; an 8 x 6 m Deep Sounding provides a partial late fourth- to mid-second-millennium B.C. sequence
Jim Thijs (born 13 June 1980 in Leuven) is a Belgian pro triathlete. At the 2010 Xterra Triathlon World Championships, he finished 10th. In 1995 Thijs raced his first triathlon in Aarschot. He had a very hard time to finish the 750m in freestyle, the breaststroke swimmers exited the water with him. From 1996 he started focusing on triathlon, leaving the other sports behind him. In 2003, 2004 and 2005 Thijs' main goal was doing Ironman races. He won Ironman Malaysia and Ironman Lanzarote in the 18-24 age group. He qualified for Ironman Hawaii twice. Finishing 87th was his best result. After 3 years of Ironman training Thijs decided to stop practicing triathlon and start doing mountainbiking instead. In his first Xterra races, Thijs was able to place himself amongst the best of Europe. He evolved from a European top level racer to a world class racer, finishing 10th at the 2010 Xterra World Championships in Maui, Hawaii.
Benjamin Franklin Jr. is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th Our Gang short (212th episode, 123rd talking short, 124th talking episode, and 43rd MGM produced episode) that was released.
Wild Romance is a 2006 Dutch biopic about Dutch singer and artist Herman Brood. It follows the previous films depicting Brood, the 1979 feature film Cha Cha and the 1994 documentary Rock n Roll Junkie. Named for Brood's backing band, the film received its premiere on the day that Brood would have turned 60, November 5, 2006. The film deals with the early period of Brood's music career up to the period of success with the album Shpritsz, and Shpritsz was to have been the title of the film. In particular the film deals with Brood's relationships with manager Koos van Dijk, his band Wild Romance and German singer Nina Hagen with whom Brood was romantically involved.
Finnsæter is a small village in the municipality of Berg in Troms county, Norway. The village is located in the southern part of Berg on the western coast of the island of Senja, about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) across the Bergsfjorden from the municipal centre of Skaland. Finnsæter Chapel is located here, just off of Norwegian County Road 86 as is passes through the village.
Evansdale is a city in Black Hawk County, Iowa, United States. The population was 4,751 in the 2010 census, an increase from 4,526 in the 2000 census. It is part of the Waterloo–Cedar Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.
St. Leo the Great School is a private Catholic Pre-Kindergarten through 8th grade school serving Silicon Valley. Located in the historic Shasta-Hanchett and St. Leo neighborhood that is named after the school. It is blocks from California's first fruit canneries and San Jose's main train station. The campus consists of 5 buildings and 3 play areas.
Organic India is a multi-national company based in Lucknow, India that produces organic herbal and ayurvedic health products. They are most known for their line of organically grown tulsi teas that are sold in India, the US, Canada and the UK. They also have created an organic, non-toxic, herbal version of the colorful dyes used in India's annual Holi celebration. Organic India operates a retail store in Maharashtra, India. The company also exports organically-grown flowers, particularly to Germany. Organic India works directly with marginal farmers in tribal villages, providing seeds, fertilizers, organic certification, and the assumption of risk in case of crop failure. Originating from Uttar Pradesh, they had 50,000 acres (200 km2) of arable land in U.P., Rajasthan, Gujarat, and Madhya Pradesh by late 2008.
Bogusze [bɔˈɡuʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wyszki, 20 km (12 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski, and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
Śmiłowo [ɕmiˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
Shoeybabad-e Kohneh (Persian: شعيب ابادكهنه‎‎, also Romanized as Sho‘eybābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Ghost to a Ghost/Gutter Town is the seventh solo album by country artist Hank Williams III. The double album was released on September 6, 2011. All songs were recorded in Hank III’s home studio The Haunted Ranch. The album features guest appearances by Tom Waits, Ray Lawrence Jr., Eddie Pleasant (Hank III's merchandise and scheduling guy), Alan King (Hellstomper), Les Claypool (Primus), Dave Sherman (Wretched, Earthride), Troy Medlin (Sourvein), and Williams' dog Trooper. Ghost to a Ghost/Gutter Town consisted of two of the four albums Hank Williams III simultaneously released on September 6, 2011 on Hank 3 Records (www.hank3.com), with distribution through Megaforce Records.
Foreign Affaires is a 1935 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. It also features Ralph Lynn, Robertson Hare, Norma Varden and Cecil Parker. The screenplay is by Ben Travers, and the cast included cast members from the Walls and Travers Aldwych Farces. The film is set on the French Riviera where two hard-living British spongers become mixed up in illegal gambling.
Rhus glabra, the smooth sumac, is a species of sumac in the family Anacardiaceae, native to North America, from southern Quebec west to southern British Columbia in Canada, and south to northern Florida and Arizona in the United States and Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico. One of the easiest shrubs to identify throughout the year (unless mistaken for Toxicodendron vernix (formerly Rhus vernix), poison sumac, in the absence of mature fruit) smooth sumac has a spreading, open-growing shrub growing up to 3 metres (9.8 ft) tall, rarely to 5 metres (16 ft). The leaves are alternate, 30–50 cm long, compound with 11-31 leaflets, each leaflet 5–11 cm long, with a serrated margin. The leaves turn scarlet in the fall. The flowers are tiny, green, produced in dense erect panicles 10–25 centimetres (3.9–9.8 in) tall, in the spring, later followed by large panicles of edible crimson berries that remain throughout the winter. The buds are small, covered with brown hair and borne on fat, hairless twigs. The bark on older wood is smooth and grey to brown. In late summer it sometimes forms galls on the underside of leaves, caused by the parasitic sumac leaf gall aphid, Melaphis rhois. The galls are not harmful to the tree. This species is incredibly important in the production of pork products in Iowa.
The Housekeeper's Daughter is a 1939 comedy film directed and produced by Hal Roach. The film stars Joan Bennett, Adolphe Menjou and John Hubbard. The screenplay was written by Rian James, Gordon Douglas, Jack Jevne and Claude Martin, based on a novel by Donald Henderson Clarke. It was the film debut of Victor Mature.
Sandhikharka Municipality (Nepali: सन्धिखर्क नगरपालिका) is the headquarter of Arghakhanchi District which lies in the Lumbini Zone of Nepal. The former village development committee (VDC) was converted into a municipality on 18 May 2014 by merging the existing Sandhikharka, Bangla, Narapani, Khanchikot, Kimadada, Argha and Dibharna VDCs evdo.  It is located, in a valley surrounded by hills, in the western part of the capital, Kathmandu.
Another World is the second full studio album delivered by Queen guitarist Brian May. Recorded at his home studio after the completion of the last Queen album, Made in Heaven, the album was released in the UK on 1 June 1998 and on 15 September of that year in the US. The album itself started as a cover album. The \"Heroes\" concept was to record his favourite tracks from his favourite artists, but the idea soon mutated into a full album. Some of the covers found their place on the album, whilst others were released as B-sides to singles and on the Another World tour promo CD. Brian May was on the Alas Smith and Jones show advertising the album. Drummer Cozy Powell died in a car accident before the album was completed.
Convoy is a 1940 British war film, produced by Ealing Studios, directed by Pen Tennyson and starring Clive Brook, John Clements and Edward Chapman. It was Tennyson's last film before being killed in a plane crash.
Mack Trucks, Inc., is an American truck–manufacturing company and a former manufacturer of buses and trolley buses. Founded in 1900 as the Mack Brothers Company, it manufactured its first truck in 1907 and adopted its present name in 1922. Mack Trucks is a subsidiary of AB Volvo which purchased Mack along with Renault Trucks in 2000. After being founded in Brooklyn, New York, the company's headquarters were in Allentown, Pennsylvania, from 1905 to 2009, when they moved to Greensboro, North Carolina. The entire line of Mack products is still produced in Macungie, Pennsylvania, with additional assembly plants in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Australia, and Venezuela.
Around Midnight is an LP album by Julie London, released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3164 as a monophonic recording in 1960, and later in stereo under catalog number LST-7164 the same year. Release a number of times on CD from 1998. Dick Reynolds did the arrangements and conducted the Orchestra.
Taft High School, also known as Taft High 7–12, is a public high school and middle school located in Lincoln City, Oregon, United States. It is one of five high schools in the Lincoln County School District. It serves students from seventh grade through twelfth grade. It is named for Taft, one of the communities that combined to form Lincoln City in 1965.
Zawiszyn [zaˈviʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dubeninki, 15 km (9 mi) east of Gołdap, and 144 km (89 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 70.
Sheykh Ali Tuseh (Persian: شيخعلي توسه‎‎, also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Alī Ţūseh, and Sheykh ‘Alī Tūseh, and Sheikh Ali Tooseh; also known as Shaghāltūsh, Shākaltūsh, and Shekhaltuse) is a village in Blukat Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 444, in 115 families.
Raoul Gueguen (born 20 June 1947) is a French former modern pentathlete who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics. In 1968, he won a bronze medal in the team event.
Samuel James is an American scientist, a researcher specializing in evolutionary biology, focusing on earthworm taxonomy. James, with fellow researchers, has discovered numerous new species of annelids, including Diplocardia californiana, Diplocardia woodi, Diplocardia montana, and a new species related to the Giant Palouse earthworm. Since January 2011, James has been working on phylogenomic investigation of the evolutionary history of Annelida, as part of the WormNet II: Assembling the Tree of Life for Annelida project, along with researchers Christer Erseus and Bronwyn W. Williams. He is currently part of the University of Iowa's Department of Biology, where he is an Associate Adjunct Professor. Prior to the University of Iowa, James was a Research Associate at the University of Kansas, Biodiversity Institute, from 2003 until 2009.
Bench Accounting, branded as Bench, is a four-year-old fintech company that automates accounting tasks to organize the financials of small businesses, independent contractors, and entrepreneurs. Pairing its intuitive software with a live bookkeeping team, Bench combines the convenience and efficiency of modern technology with the expertise and time-savings afforded by a professional service. Bench was founded by Forbes 30 Under 30 winner Ian Crosby, along with Jordan Menashy, Adam Saint, and Pavel Rodionov in 2012. Unlike traditional accounting solutions, the company provides subscription access to proprietary, cloud-based software in combination with in-house bookkeepers  to serve their clients. Bench has raised $33M to date, services thousands of business owners across the country, and currently employs 250 people out of its headquarters in Vancouver, Canada.
Norton High School is a public high school in Norton, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Norton City Schools district. The Panthers are one of the sixteen schools who compete in the Portage Trail Conference.
The C. Krishniah Chetty Group of Companies is a Jewellery Brand based in Bangalore, India. The group comprises of six entities - C. Krishniah Chetty & Sons, C. Krishniah Chetty Jewellers, C. Krishniah Chetty Manufacturers, C. Krishniah Chetty Foundation, C. Krishniah Chetty Partnership Firm & C. Krishniah Chetty Charitable Trust. The group was founded in 1869, and is still run by the fifth and sixth generations of the C. Krishniah Chetty Family. The company was founded by Cotha Krishniah Chetty, who began selling coloured beads to the British Army on the first Commercial Street, of the then Cantonment Area. The company is famed for being the preferred jewellers to over 21 royal kingdoms including the Maharaja of Mysore, the Nizam of Hyderabad, the Maharaja of Travancore, the Nawab of Savanur, the Maharaja of Sandur, the Maharaja of Dhrangadra and many royal families of south and central india. Today the group runs five stores across the city of Bangalore. Some of the famous articles crafted by C. Krishniah Chetty & Sons include life size perambulators for princes, silver temple doors, inaugural keys and even a gold cricket bat for Sachin Tendulkar on his 35th Century. The company has been an innovator in the jewellery industry in India; they were the first to bring the famed Tolkowsky brand to India, the first to launch fancy coloured diamonds in India, the first to Launch DeBeers' Forevermark brand in India, and also the first store with the largest purely diamond showroom in all of Asia. Family Lineage: Generation 1 - Cotha Krishniah Chetty Generation 2 - Cotha Audinarayana ChettyGeneration 3 - Cotha Venkatachalapathy ChettyGeneration 4 - CV Hayagriv & CV NarayanGeneration 5 - C. Vinod Hayagriv & C. Ganesh NarayanGeneration 6 - Chaitanya V Cotha 7 Shreyas V Cotha
Oliver Rackham, OBE, FBA (17 October 1939 – 12 February 2015) was an academic at the University of Cambridge who studied the ecology, management and development of the British countryside, especially trees, woodlands and wood pasture. His books included Ancient Woodland (1980) and The History of the Countryside (1986).
She Ain't Me is the second album released by Carrie Rodriguez. She Ain't Me was produced by Malcolm Burn, Grammy-award recipient who has worked with Emmylou Harris and Bob Dylan.
The Hobart Historical Center (also known as Hobart Masonic Hall) is a historic building located in the village of Hobart in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was originally constructed in 1889 as a meeting hall for St. Andrew's Lodge No. 289 (a local Masonic Lodge that no longer exists). The building is a  2 1⁄2-story wood frame building on a rubble stone foundation in the Stick-Eastlake style. The building is rectangular in shape with a small cross gable wing on the west elevation. Today the building houses a local history museum, operated by the Hobart Historical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Liadagmis Povea (born 6 February 1996) is a Cuban athlete who specialises in the triple jump. She has qualified for 2016 Summer Olympics. In 2014, she won silver medal at the World Junior Championships.
Hypnagogic States EP is an EP by The Cure, released on 13 September 2008. It contains remixes of the first four singles from the band's album, 4:13 Dream: \"The Only One\", \"Freakshow\", \"Sleep When I'm Dead\" and \"The Perfect Boy\". The EP reached the number one in Spain. The album is the second remix album/EP by The Cure, following Mixed Up.
Frankenweenie is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion-animated fantasy horror comedy film directed by Tim Burton and produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It is a remake of Burton's 1984 short film of the same name and is a parody of and a homage to the 1931 film Frankenstein based on Mary Shelley's book of the same name. The voice cast includes four actors who worked with Burton on previous films: Winona Ryder (Beetlejuice and Edward Scissorhands); Catherine O'Hara (Beetlejuice and The Nightmare Before Christmas); Martin Short (Mars Attacks!); and Martin Landau (Ed Wood and Sleepy Hollow). Frankenweenie is in black and white. It is also the fourth stop-motion film produced by Burton and the first of those four that is not a musical. In the film, a boy named Victor loses his dog, named Sparky, and uses the power of electricity to resurrect him — but is then blackmailed by his peers into revealing how they too can reanimate their deceased past pets and other creatures, resulting in mayhem. The tongue-in-cheek film contains numerous references and parodies related to the book, past film versions of the book and other literary classics. Frankenweenie, the first black-and-white feature film and the first stop-motion film to be released in IMAX 3D, was released on October 5, 2012 and met with positive reviews and moderate box office sales. The film won the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and was nominated for an Academy Award; a Golden Globe; a BAFTA; and an Annie Award for Best Film in each respective animated category.
Luxottica Group S.p.A. is an Italian eyewear company. Based in Milan, Italy, it is the world's largest eyewear company. As a vertically integrated company, Luxottica designs, manufactures, distributes and retails its eyewear brands, including Lenscrafters, Sunglass Hut, Pearle Vision, Sears Optical, Target Optical, Eyemed vision care plan, and Glasses.com. Its best known brands are Ray-Ban, Persol, and Oakley. Luxottica also makes sunglasses and prescription frames for designer brands such as Chanel, Prada, Giorgio Armani, Burberry, Versace, Dolce and Gabbana, Miu Miu, Donna Karan, Stella McCartney, and Tory Burch.
Trijntje \"Trijnie\" Rep (later Roozendaal; born 4 December 1950) is a former speed skater from the Netherlands. She competed at the 1972 Winter Olympics in the 500 and 1000 m and finished in 20th and 24th place, respectively. Next year she won a silver medal at the European and a bronze medal at the world allround championships. Personal bests: \n* 500 m – 44.3 (1971) \n*  1000 m – 1:30.5 (1971) \n*  1500 m – 2:19.50 (1972) \n*  3000 m – 4:54.27 (1972) After retiring from skating she competed in triathlon, in particular in the 2008 Ironman World Championship. She also ran the slaughterhouse Rep en Rozendaal in Barneveld, but went bankrupt in 2006 due to the impact of avian influenza.
Książkowice [kɕɔ̃ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Lubsza, 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Brzeg, and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Un Nuevo Amor (English A new love) is the 11th studio album by Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo. This album was released on 1996 and it was produced by one of the greatest producers of the 80's and 90's Danilo Vaona. All the songs were written by Daniela, Danilo Vaona and Federico Vaona. The music video for the single \"Mátame\" was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award.
PDQ is a fast casual chain of chicken restaurants based in Tampa, Florida. During the time of its conception, its initials initially stood for \"pretty damn quick\", but this was later changed to \"people dedicated to quality\". Its first store opened in Tampa, Florida in 2011. It was founded by Bob Basham, a former Outback Steakhouse founder, and Nick Reader, CEO of MVP Holdings. As of March 2016, PDQ has 54 locations in 8 U.S. states. 30 of the stores are owned by the company, and 8 are operated and owned as franchises. According to Basham, each store \"averages about $3 million in annual sales\".
Laxoplumeria  is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1947. They are native to Panama and South America. Species \n*  Laxoplumeria baehniana Monach. - French Guiana; Acre + Amazonas States in Brazil \n*  Laxoplumeria macrophylla (Kuhlm.) Monach. - Minas Gerais  \n*  Laxoplumeria tessmannii Markgr. - Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia
James Given Tavern, also known as Two Mile House, is a historic inn and tavern located at South Middleton Township in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1820. It consists of a 2 1/2-story, five bay wide limestone main block with a two-story, two bay rear kitchen ell, and 1 1/2-story stone addition built in the 1920s. It has a Federal style interior. A portico with Doric order columns was built about 1840. The portico was originally on the Lamberton House in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. It housed a tavern until 1857. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Rene Hulgreen was a top Danish professional vert skater. Hulgreen started skating when he was 18 years old in 1988. Hulgreen invented many tricks one of them being the famous Vicking Flip. Best Tricks Vicking Flip, McTwist 900
Alfie is a 2004 British-American romantic comedy-drama film based on the 1966 British film of the same name, starring Jude Law as the title character, originally played by Michael Caine. The film was written, directed, and produced by Charles Shyer.
Hypericum androsaemum, commonly known as sweet-amber or tutsan, is a plant in the genus Hypericum native to open woods and hillsides in Eurasia. It is a perennial shrub reaching up to 1.5 m in height.
Milad Beigi Harchegani (Persian: میلاد بیگی هرچگانی‎‎, Azerbaijani: Milad Beygi Hərçigani; born 1 March 1991) is an Iranian-born naturalized Azerbaijani taekwondo practitioner who won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics. In February 2015, Beigi won the −80 kg gold medal in 26th Fajr Cup for Iran's B team. He was considered among Iran's prospects in 2015 World Taekwondo Championships, but it was declared that he had been replaced due to \"injury\" despite allegations that he has left threatening to acquire citizenship in another country. He was named the Male Most Valuable Player at the 2015 World Cup Team Championships.
Act of Piracy is a 1988 American/South African thriller film directed by John Cardos and starring Gary Busey, Belinda Bauer and Ray Sharkey. While enjoying an exotic cruise to Australia, a family yacht is taken over by terrorists. It is also known as Barracuda.
The Providence Jewelry Manufacturing Historic District is a predominantly industrial historic district in Providence, Rhode Island. It covers a roughly 19-acre (7.7 ha) area just south of Downtown Providence, and was originally bounded by Interstate 195 prior to a realignment in the 2000s which reconnected the two areas. Although the area began as a residential area, and still has some houses in it, it developed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries as a center of Providence's jewelry manufacturing businesses. The oldest industrial building in the district is the 1848 Elm Street Machine Shop (116 Elm Street), a  2 1⁄2-story stone structure that now houses offices of Brown University. The district has an irregular L shape, reflecting the presence of surviving historic elements and the intrusion of modern alterations to the area. the main north-south section of the district includes properties on Hospital and Imperial Streets between Davol Point Street and Bassett Street, while the east-west section extends along Bassett and Clifford Streets to Chestnut, and then extends further along Ship Street to Eddy. It includes 21 factory buildings, five shops or garages, and three residences. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, and expanded by the inclusion of several buildings in 2012.
The James D. Westcott Building is a historic building on the campus of Florida State University in Tallahassee, in the U.S. state of Florida. The Westcott Building currently houses the chief administrative offices for Florida State University and is the primary focal point of the campus as seen down College Ave. The building is also home to Ruby Diamond Auditorium. It is known for its distinctive appearance.
Albany High School is located in Albany, Louisiana, United States. Albany High School is a part of the Livingston Parish Public Schools system and serves grades 9 through 12. Its mascot is the Hornet. The school colors are Maroon and White. The school has around 500 students (Fall 2010). The principal is Kenny Kraft. The assistant principal is Kimberly Freeman.
Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Narewka, 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Hajnówka, and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
The Château de Vézins is a much-altered castle in the commune of Vézins-de-Lévézou between Millau and Rodez in the Aveyron département of France. It has been in the possession of the Vézins family for 900 years. The first fortress was built in 1120 by Vesian de Vézins to command the Lévezou district. Following a disastrous fire in 1642, the only remains of this original castle are the vaulted rooms of the ground floor. The castle was then redeveloped in the Renaissance style. Modern-day visitors to the horseshoe-shaped château can see the vaulted hall from the Middle Ages and the first floor rooms. Of particular note are the sculpted coats of arms on the chimney places, Aubusson tapestries from the 16th and 17th centuries and a canopied bed. The château was awarded the 2000 Prix du Patrimoine 2000 (heritage prize) for the Midi-Pyrénées region. It is one of a group of 23 castles in Aveyron that have joined together to provide a tourist itinerary as the Route des Seigneurs du Rouergue. In 1990 the Château de Vézins was listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
Lupinus arizonicus (Arizona lupine) is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, native to the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts, where it can be found growing in open places and sandy washes below 1,100 metres (3,600 ft) altitude. It is common around Joshua Tree National Park and Death Valley National Park in California. It is an annual plant growing to 10–50 centimetres (3.9–19.7 in) in height. The leaves are palmately compound with 6–10 leaflets, each leaflet  long and 5–10 millimetres (0.20–0.39 in) broad, on a 2.5–7 centimetres (0.98–2.76 in) long petiole. The flowers are magenta to dark pink, 7–10 mm long, with 20–50 or more flowers in a tall spike.
Wistariahurst is a historic former estate located at 238 Cabot Street in Holyoke, Massachusetts. It was built in 1848 for William Skinner, the owner of a successful silk spinning and textile business. The oldest part of the mansion was built while Skinner lived in the nearby town of Williamsburg, and was moved to Holyoke in 1874 when he relocated his business there after a devastating flood. Additions were made to the premises in 1913 and 1927. The buildings and grounds were owned continually by the Skinner family until 1959, when Katharine Skinner Kilborne, the youngest child of William and Sarah Skinner, and her heirs gave Wistariahurst to the City of Holyoke for cultural and educational purposes. It is now operated as the Wistariahurst Museum, and is open to the public. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Louisiana is a city in Pike County, Missouri, United States. The population was 3,300 at the 2010 census. Louisiana is located in northeast Missouri, on the Mississippi River south of Hannibal. Louisiana is at the junction of State Route 79 and US 54. The former follows the Mississippi River for most of its length from Hannibal to St. Charles County. The latter enters Louisiana from Illinois via the Champ Clark Bridge, named for a former US Speaker of the House from nearby Bowling Green.
Sergan (Persian: سرگان‎‎, also Romanized as Sergān; also known as Sīrgān and Sīrkān) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 467, in 89 families.
Somerset is a village in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, along the Apple River. The population was 2,635 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Somerset.
Gerd-e Yaqub (Persian: گرديعقوب‎‎, also Romanized as Gerd-e Ya‘qūb) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 62 families.
Whiskey for the Holy Ghost is the second solo album by former Screaming Trees vocalist Mark Lanegan. The album builds upon the roots music foundation that Lanegan had established with his debut The Winding Sheet. Released during the grunge explosion of the early 1990s, Whiskey for The Holy Ghost showcases Lanegan's growing maturity as a songwriter and vocalist. The recording was reportedly a frustrating affair for Lanegan; at one point the singer had to be physically prevented from throwing the master tapes into a river by producer Jack Endino. Despite the album's slow gestation and Lanegan's notorious substance abuse problems, the songs on Whiskey for The Holy Ghost sound remarkably cohesive. Lyrically, Lanegan continues to delve into the darker side of the human experience on songs like \"Borracho\" and the Biblical \"Pendulum\" (\"Jesus Christ been here and gone, what a painful price to pay\"). \"House A Home\" was released as a single with an accompanying video. \"The River Rise\" was used in the 1996 grunge documentary Hype!, where it accompanied a montage filmed at the vigil following Kurt Cobain's death. Dan Peters of Mudhoney plays drums on \"Borracho\" and \"House A Home.\"
Lofty's Roach Soufflé is an instrumental album by American artist Harry Connick Jr., released in 1990. Presented as the Harry Connick Jr. Trio: Harry Connick Jr. (vocals, piano); Benjamin Jonah Wolfe (bass); Shannon Powell (drums). The album was released simultaneously as his big band album We Are in Love, and his home video debut entitled \"Singin' & Swingin'\".
Gooby is a 2009 Canadian comedy fantasy drama film directed by Wilson Coneybeare featuring Robbie Coltrane as the voice of Gooby, a living teddy bear, and Matthew Knight as Willy, an 11-year-old child who is scared of his new house. The film was shot on a budget of $6.5 million. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes rates it 20% positive (\"rotten\") based on five reviews.
Poręby [pɔˈrɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Poświętne, 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Opoczno, and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Believe Again: Australian Tour 2009 is a live DVD and album by Australian singer-songwriter Delta Goodrem. Filming took place during the final two Sydney shows of her Believe Again Tour on 3 and 4 February 2009 at the State Theatre. It was released on 18 September 2009 through Sony Music with the DVD cover design placed in the hands of Goodrem fans, as part of a competition on her official website. The winning cover was designed by Australian graphic designer, Jacky Ho. This release became Goodrem's third consecutive #1 on the ARIA DVD Chart. On 22 July 2010 Delta was awarded an ARIA #1 Chart Award for her 'Believe Again Tour' DVD achieving number one status and sales in the past year.
The Maine School of Science and Mathematics (MSSM) is a residential magnet high school in Limestone, Maine. MSSM serves students from all over the state of Maine, as well as youth from other states and international students. It is a high school for students in grades 9–12, and its summer program is for boys and girls from grades 5–9. MSSM is an all-residential boarding school with two dormitories and a total capacity of 156 students. The school currently has 153 attending students. After the announcement that Loring Air Force Base would be closed, funding from the Defense Reauthorization Bill provided for the creation of the Maine School of Science and Mathematics at the site of Limestone High School, which was going to lose many of its students upon the closure of the base. The town's elementary school was eventually converted into dormitories for the school, as they are located on the same property. MSSM continues to share the former Limestone High School building with the local Limestone Community School. Each school occupies approximately half of the building. Due to their small size and physical proximity, the two schools also share most of their sports teams. In 2014, the school acquired a new dormitory, dubbed \"Limestone Manor\", in the center of town. The building housed a nursing home until the business relocated in 2013. Currently, the Limestone Manor, a male-only dormitory, houses close to 30 students. Chartered and funded by the Maine State Legislature, MSSM opened with a pioneer class in 1995. At that time, it was only the eleventh statewide residential magnet school specializing in mathematics and science education in the United States and the only school of its kind in New England. Both remain true today. It is the only magnet school currently operating in Maine. MSSM graduates attend leading colleges around the country. In 2013, U.S. News & World Report ranked MSSM #13 on its list of \"America's Best High Schools,\" a ranking of public high schools in the United States. The school is a member of the National Consortium for Specialized Secondary Schools of Mathematics, Science and Technology (NCSSSMST).
Mecardonia (Axilflower) is a genus of herbaceous plants in the family Plantaginaceae (Plantain family). 31 species have been described,of which 12 are accepted. Its distribution is predominantly in South America, and South East United States, including Floridaand Alabamabut may be found as far north as Virginia. (see map)Five species are found in Argentina and three in the US.
The Worthington Corporation was a diversified American manufacturer that had its roots in Worthington and Baker, a steam pump manufacturer founded in 1845.In 1967 it was merged with Studebaker and Wagner Electric to form Studebaker-Worthington. This company was in turn acquired by McGraw-Edison in 1979.
Robert Leigh (born in Ontario, Canada) is a physicist working on string theory. He obtained his B.Sc. degree from the University of Guelph in 1986, and his Ph.D. from the University of Texas at Austin in 1991, working with Joe Polchinski. After postdoctoral positions at Santa Cruz and Rutgers, he has been a professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign since 1996. Since 2007, he has been a Fellow of the American Physical Society. Leigh discovered, in association with Dai and Polchinski, an important class of extended objects in string theory, the D-branes.
Indian Rocks Beach is a city in Pinellas County, Florida, United States. The population was 4,113 at the 2010 census. Indian Rocks Beach is part of the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Jarszewo [jarˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Jassow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kamień Pomorski and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Now Here is Nowhere is the first full-length album by the Dallas rock band The Secret Machines. It was released on May 18, 2004. The songs on the album are reminiscent of Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin, with krautrock and shoegazing influences.
Roberto Carlos Echeverría Boutaud (born February 23, 1976 in Cunco, Araucanía) is a Chilean marathon runner. He set a personal best time of 2:15:37, by winning the 2008 Santiago Marathon, earning him a spot on the Chilean team for the Olympics. Echevarria represented Chile at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed for the men's marathon. He successfully finished the race in forty-ninth place by three seconds ahead of South Korea's Kim Yi-Yong, with a time of 2:23:54.
Bankura Christian Collegiate School is situated in Bankura town. It is one of the oldest school of the district. This school is also known as mission boys school. It was established in 1889. The boys only school has more than 1800 students. The school is affiliated by WBBSE. The boys from 5th to 12th standard are taught here.The school has a boys hostel in its campus. It has a football ground.
Utvik is a village in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The village is located on the southern shore of the Nordfjorden. The village lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of the village of Innvik and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Byrkjelo (in Gloppen Municipality). Utvik Church is located in this village. Historically, the village was an important trading post and ferry port with a regular route across the fjord. The ferry was stopped in 1936 when the new road was completed along the Nordfjorden connecting Utvik to the village of Stryn.
New York Central Railroad Passenger Station, in Syracuse, New York, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 11, 2009. The passenger station, built in 1936, is of Art Deco design. In 1962, New York Central Railroad moved to a smaller station in East Syracuse, New York. The interior of the terminal was used as a Midtown Motors car dealership in the late 1950s to early 1960s. Greyhound used it a bus terminal from 1964 until a fire in 1996. The passenger building was renovated from 2001 to 2003 by Time Warner Cable both to serve as their main office for their central New York operations, and as the Syracuse bureau/studios for Time Warner Cable News Central New York, a role it continues to currently serve.
The Minton-Capehart Federal Building is a United States federal building in Indianapolis, Indiana. It is named for former US Senator and US Supreme Court Justice Sherman Minton and former US Senator Homer E. Capehart.  It is most famous for the Color Fuses mural by architect Milton Glaser that wraps around the entire ground floor.
In Love and War is a 1958 Cinemascope and DeLuxe Color film set in World War Two, directed by Philip Dunne. It is based on the 1957 novel The Big War by Anton Myrer.
Junaki (Persian: جونكي‎‎, also Romanized as Jūnakī; also known as Dūnākī, Ḩānekī, and Jānakī) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 542, in 126 families.
Bogra Zilla School (Bengali: বগুড়া জিলা স্কুল) is the oldest high school in the Bogra district of Bangladesh and one of the top-ranked schools in the country. It provides education from class three (Grade-3) to class ten (Grade-10). It was a private English medium school before becoming a public school.
Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 19 families.
Chords of Fame is a 1984 feature-length documentary film about Phil Ochs, a U.S. singer-songwriter of the 1960s and early 1970s. The film was directed by Michael Korolenko, written by Mady Schutzman, and produced by Korolenko, Schutzman, and David Sternburg. It was funded in part by grants from the American Film Institute and the National Endowment for the Arts. Chords of Fame features Bill Burnett as Ochs in re-enactments of scenes from his life, and Martha Wingate (AKA Martha Taylor) as his wife, Alice Ochs. The film includes interviews with people who had known Ochs, including Yippies Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, manager Harold Leventhal, and Mike Porco, the owner of Gerde's Folk City. Chords of Fame also includes performances of Ochs songs by folk musicians who knew him, such as Bob Gibson, Pete Seeger, Tom Paxton, Dave Van Ronk, and Eric Andersen. The film concludes with footage of Ochs performing \"I Ain't Marching Anymore\" at The Troubadour in Los Angeles. Reviewing the film in The New York Times, Janet Maslin wrote that by re-enacting scenes from Ochs's life, Korolenko took \"an exasperating approach\" in making Chords of Fame. She would have preferred photos and recordings of Ochs himself. \"The singer's own voice is almost entirely absent from this biography,\" she wrote, \"and this omission makes Chords of Fame seem, at the very best, incomplete.\" Eleanor Mannikka, writing at Allmovie, agreed. \"This biographical documentary would have benefitted [sic] from more of the singer's own performances, allowing viewers to better judge his talent.\" As of 2010, Chords of Fame has not been released on DVD.
Augustus De Morgan (/dɪ ˈmɔːrɡən/; 27 June 1806 – 18 March 1871) was a British mathematician and logician. He formulated De Morgan's laws and introduced the term mathematical induction, making its idea rigorous.
Eremophila conferta is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to a small area in the central west of Western Australia. It is a shrub with many tangled branches with leaves crowded near their ends and with mauve or purple flowers.
Jhirubas  is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2728 people living in 373 individual households.
My Führer – The Really Truest Truth about Adolf Hitler (German: Mein Führer – Die wirklich wahrste Wahrheit über Adolf Hitler) is a 2007 German comedy film directed by Dani Levy. The setting is World War II, around New Year's of 1945. This comedy tells the story of Adolf Hitler and his preparation for a big New Year's speech. Hitler is too depressed to speak, so a Jewish acting coach is called in to tutor him. The premiere was held on 9 January 2007 in Essen. Wide German release followed on 11 January and Swiss and Austrian releases on 18 and 19 January, respectively. It was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.
Clarkia affinis is a species of wildflower known as chaparral clarkia. It is endemic to California, where it grows mainly on chaparral slopes and woodlands in the Coast Ranges. This is a spindly plant producing erect stems exceeding half a meter in height and sparse narrow leaves. The flower is a bowl-shaped bloom with four pink or red petals each 5 to 15 millimeters long. The petals may have darker spots near the base and purple or red speckling.
Kranich's Jewelers is a family owned jewelry store with locations in Altoona, State College and Johnstown Pennsylvania. Kranich's Jewelers specialize in designer jewelry including many brands of designer watches. Jewelry repair is available at each location.
Ashrafabad (Persian: اشرف اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Ashrafābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 4 families.
Bahadorabad (Persian: بهادراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Bahādorābād; also known as Bādarābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 12 families.
Monardella macrantha is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name red monardella. It is native to coastal mountain ranges of southern California and Baja California, where it grows in several habitat types, including chaparral, woodlands, and forest.
The Bear Mountain Inn is a 1915 hotel and restaurant owned by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission and located on Route 9W at the northern end of Seven Lakes Drive, just south of the Bear Mountain Bridge in Rockland County, New York. It is now called the Bear Mountain Inn & Conference Center. As of fall 2011, the first floor is now open and features the 1915 Cafe and Bear Mountain Trading Company gift store. Renovation of the upper levels was finished in April 2012. It was added to The National Register of Historic Places on September 20, 2002.
Actis (commonly known as Actis) is a multi asset emerging market investor. It has a growing portfolio of investments across Asia, Africa and Latin America and US$7.6bn funds under management. Applying developed market disciplines to emerging markets, an established team of c. 100 investment professionals in ten countries identify investment opportunities in private equity, energy and real estate. Actis is a signatory to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (UNPRI), an investor initiative developed by the UNEP FI and the UN Global Compact. Actis targets consistent superior returns across asset classes over the long-term, bringing financial and social benefits to investors, consumers and communities.  It is focused on investments in emerging markets in Africa, China, India, Latin America, and South East Asia. Actis has over 100 investment professionals located in nine countries around the emerging markets. Actis was formed in July 2004, as a spinout of CDC Group plc (formerly the Commonwealth Development Corporation), an organization established by the UK Government in 1948 to invest in developing economies in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean. The Actis management team acquired majority ownership of CDC's emerging markets investment platform.
Live...In the Raw is the first live album by W.A.S.P. (fourth album overall), released in 1987. This album can be seen as something of a breakwater between the 'old' W.A.S.P. of the first three albums and the more mature sound of the releases that would follow. It is also the album to feature \"Harder Faster\", which is about the PMRC declaring them \"sexual perverts\". \"The Manimal\" and \"Harder Faster\" were written specifically for this album and the studio song \"Scream Until You Like It\" was recorded for the movie Ghoulies II. The acoustic version of \"Sleeping (In the Fire)\" is also a studio recording. This would be the final release to feature drummer Steve Riley, who would leave the band shortly after the conclusion of the tour to join L.A. Guns.
Making Music is an album by Indian tabla player and composer Zakir Hussain featuring Jan Garbarek, John McLaughlin and Hariprasad Chaurasia, recorded in 1986 and released on the ECM label.
Yasoda Krishna (Telugu: యశోదకృష్ణ) is a 1975 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao. Baby Sridevi acted as Bala Krishna and Ramakrisha as Lord Krishna, Jamuna as Yasoda and S. V. Ranga Rao as Kamsa.
Postaszowice [pɔstaʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Niegowa, 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Myszków, and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
Secret Agent X-9 (1945) is a Universal movie serial based on the comic strip Secret Agent X-9. It was the second serial with this name, the first was released by Universal in 1937.
Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,168, in 254 families.
Fairouzeh (Arabic: فيروزه) is a village 3 miles southeast of the city of Homs in Syria. Due to urban development in the area, Fairouzeh, like nearby Zaydal, is now considered one of Homs' suburbs. In 2004, it had a population of 6,456. Its inhabitants are predominantly Syriac Christians.
Swimming is the fourth full-length album by New York-based indie rock band French Kicks. Their first self-produced album, Swimming is marked by a more stripped-down sound than is found on their previous albums. Explaining the recording process, guitarist Josh Wise said that the band \"used a lot of first and second takes and tried to preserve a sense of immediacy and discovery that comes from putting things down before you really have a chance to think too hard.\"  It was released on March 31, 2008, receiving overwhelmingly positive reviews.
Kuźniki [kuʑˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Ralph Johnson Bunche House, the last home of American diplomat Ralph Bunche (1903-1971), is a National Historic Landmark in New York City. It is a single-family home built in 1927 in the neo-Tudor style, and is located at 115-24 Grosvenor Road, Kew Gardens, Queens. It is named after Ralph Bunche, who helped to found the United Nations in 1945. In 1950 he became the first African American and first person of color to win the Nobel Peace Prize, for mediating armistice agreements between Israel and its neighboring countries.
Padmanabha Krishnagopala Iyengar (29 June 1931 – 21 December 2011; best known as P. K. Iyenger), was an Indian nuclear physicist who is widely known for his central role in the development of the nuclear program of India. Iyengar previously served as the director of BARC and former chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission of India, he raised his voice and opposition against the nuclear agreement between India and the United States and expressed that the deal favoured the United States. During his last years of his life, Iyenger engaged in peace activism and greatly exhorted the normalization of bilateral relations between India and Pakistan.
Slingerland is an American drum kits brand, currently owned by Gibson. The brand is strongly related to jazz drummers, such as Gene Krupa or Buddy Rich, who used to play signature instruments made by the company. Slingerland also produced electric and acoustic guitars, mandolins and banjos during the 1930s.
Constance J. Chang-Hasnain is an electrical engineer, and the John R. Whinnery Chair Professor at the University of California, Berkeley. She attended community college first before attending the University of California, Davis. She graduated from the University of California, Davis, with a B.S. in 1982, and from the University of California, Berkeley with an M.S. 1984, and a Ph.D. in 1987.She taught at Stanford University. She is a Fellow of the IEEE, OSA, and IEE, and Editor for the IEEE Journal of Lightwave Technologies. Her research interests include VCSELs, high contrast gratings, and nanostructure growth.
Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party is a 2016 American political documentary film about presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and an examination of the history of the Democratic Party, written and directed by Dinesh D'Souza and Bruce Schooley. The film had a limited release on July 15, 2016 before a wide release on July 22, 2016 and accompanies a book by D'Souza by the same name. Although it achieved success at the box office, the film was panned by critics, and received generally negative reviews.
Greatest Hits Volume Three: Best of the Brother Years 1970–1986 is a 2000 single disc compilation by The Beach Boys and released through Capitol Records. It was released several months after its predecessors, The Greatest Hits – Volume 1: 20 Good Vibrations and The Greatest Hits – Volume 2: 20 More Good Vibrations.
Senjed-e Olya (Persian: سنجدعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Senjed-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Alternative Games is a Finnish video game company specializing in porting games primarily to the Linux platform as well as to Mac OS X. In November 2010 it was announced that Trine, a game made by Frozenbyte, was coming to Linux by a new developer called Alternative Games. The finished Linux port of Trine was released as part of the Humble Frozenbyte Bundle.
Viola douglasii is a species of violet known by the common name Douglas' violet, or Douglas' golden violet. It is native to western North America from Oregon through California and into Baja California, where it grows in seasonally moist habitat, often on serpentine soils. This rhizomatous herb produces a cluster of erect stems just a few centimeters in length to about 20 centimeters in maximum height. The leaf blades are deeply dissected into several narrow lobes or compound, made up of leaflets, and borne on long petioles. They are hairless to softly hairy in texture. A solitary flower is borne on a long, upright stem. It has five bright or deep yellow petals with brown veining and brown outer surfaces. The largest lowest petal may be over 2 centimeters in length.
Michael Voigt was president of the United States Practical Shooting Association (USPSA) for 12 years (2000-2012) growing the membership from 13,000 to 25,000 members, promoting the sport of MultiGun and widening the availability of USPSA across the country. Michael has recently accepted a full time with Surefire LLC in the Suppressor R&D division in addition to working with Safariland R&D. Advancing the designs and producing the best equipment possible for our competition shooters, Law Enforcement and military. He is still training our most elite military and law enforcement units as well as competing and winning competitions to stay on top of the latest equipment and techniques. Michael has won numerous world and national titles in handgun, shotgun, rifle, and multigun through over 30 years of competition. A few of these titles include the IPSC World Championship Individual titles 3 times, IPSC World Team Championship 7 times, IPSC Continental Shotgun 2 times, IPSC Continental handgun 2 times, International Tactical Rifle Championship 5 times and and USPSA multi-gun 14 times. Michael has made television appearances on History Channels \"Top Shot\", \"Shooting USA\" and several others
Jeff Bridges is the second album of American actor and singer-songwriter Jeff Bridges. It was released on August 16, 2011, via Blue Note Records and EMI Records. On April 19, 2011, it was announced through CMT that Bridges had a signed a recording contract with Blue Note Records and will work with producer T-Bone Burnett. The song \"What a Little Bit of Love Can Do\" was released as the first single on August 15, 2011.
The Portsmouth Athenæum is an independent membership library, gallery and museum in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, United States. It preserves material relevant to local history, and sponsors exhibitions, concerts and lectures for its proprietors, scholars and the general public. The building has been listed as the \"Portsmouth Athenaeum\" on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.
Ceanothus gloriosus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Point Reyes ceanothus. It is endemic to California, where it is known from the coastline of the San Francisco Bay Area and areas north and south. It grows on seaside bluffs and the slopes of the coastal mountains. This shrub grows flat and spreading to erect, approaching two meters in maximum size. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged and up to 5 centimeters long, rounded to oval in shape. The edges are toothed, the teeth sometimes spine-tipped. The inflorescence is a small cluster of bright blue to purple flowers. The fruit is a horned capsule about 4 millimeters wide. There are three varieties of this species: \n* C. g. var. exaltatus (glory bush) - found north of the Bay Area \n* C. g. var. gloriosus (glory mat) - smaller mat-forming variety known mainly from Marin County \n* C. g. var. porrectus (Mt. Vision ceanothus) - rare variety endemic to Marin County in the vicinity of Point Reyes
Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kutno and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
ErAZ (Armenian: Երեւանի ավտոմոբիլային գործարան, Russian: Ереванский Автомобильный Завод, ЕрАЗ, Yerevanskiy Avtomobilny Zavod) was an automobile manufacturer in Yerevan, Armenia mostly known for producing the van RAF-977K (as ErAZ-762) from 1966 to 1996. Plans to establish the ErAZ factory came about on December 31, 1964, by the Council of Ministers of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic. The original staff were trained at the Riga Autobus Factory (RAF) in Latvia and UAZ in Russia. ErAZ was privatized in 1995 and declared bankruptcy in 2002.
Manki (Persian: مانکی‎‎, also Romanized as Mānḵī) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Ascendant is an album by Mark Northfield, released in March 2008 under his own record label, Substantive Recordings. The album is available for purchase in the UK from Rough Trade in London and also on their website. In the US it is available via CD Baby. The album is also available as a digital download via iTunes.
Kent School is a private, co-educational college preparatory school in Kent, Connecticut, United States. The Reverend Frederick Herbert Sill, Order of the Holy Cross, established the school in 1906 and it retains its affiliation with the Episcopal Church of the United States. Students at Kent come from more than 40 foreign countries and nearly as many states. Situated between the Appalachian Trail and the Housatonic River, the 1,200-acre (490 ha) campus currently serves 570 students, about 520 of whom board. The school was one of the first New England boarding schools to educate both young men and women in 1960. Kent School Boat Club also became the first American school crew to row at British Henley Royal Regatta and compete for the Thames Challenge Cup in 1927. Kent is a member of the Founders League of New England preparatory schools which consists of, among others, Choate Rosemary Hall, Hotchkiss School, Trinity Pawling School, The Taft School and Avon Old Farms School. As of the 2014-2015 school year, the school has an enrollment of 570 students and a student-teacher ratio of 7:1.
Asda Mobile is a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) in the United Kingdom, operated by Asda, using the EE network. Asda Mobile previously used the Vodafone network until December 2013.Asda Mobile is available in over 360 stores across the UK and online through purchasing either a SIM Card (Standard, Micro or Nano SIM) or through an Asda Mobile handset.
Svatkovice is a village in Písek District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The village covers an area of 3.69 square kilometres (1.42 sq mi), and has a population of 67 (as at 2001). The first written mention comes from 1486.
Rzeszówek [ʐɛˈʂuvɛk] (German: Reichwaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świerzawa, 13 km (8 mi) south of Złotoryja, and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Aphelandra sulphurea is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Rhyssolobium is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1838. It contains only one known species, Rhyssolobium dumosum, endemic to South Africa.
Dzierzkowa [d͡ʑeʂˈkɔva] (German: Dätzdorf) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Przeworno, 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Strzelin, and 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
Locust Grove, also known as the Haldeman Mansion, is a historic home located at Conoy Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1782, and is a large, two-story, four-bay by two-bay stone dwelling overlooking the Susquehanna River. It has a massive central chimney Also on the property is a rectangular, two-story stone building with a hipped gable roof. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
At Cafe 6 is a 2016 Chinese-Taiwanese romance film directed by Neal Wu and starring Dong Zijian, Cherry Ngan, Lin Bo-Hong, Ouyang Nini and Ireine Song. It was released in Taiwan on July 15, 2016 and in China on July 29, 2016.
Seydabad (Persian: صيداباد‎‎, also Romanized as Şeydābād, Saiyidābād, Seid Abad, and Seyyedābād) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 22 families.
Słodkówko [swɔtˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Suchań, 17 km (11 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński, and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Walter Charles Marshall, Baron Marshall of Goring FRSCBE (5 March 1932 in Rumney, Cardiff – 20 February 1996, in London) son of Frank Marshall and Amy Pearson he studied mathematical physics at Birmingham University and gained a PhD there under Rudolf Peierls. In 1955 he married Ann Sheppard in Cardiff and had a son and daughter. He joined the Theoretical Physics Division at AERE Harwell in 1954, succeeding Brian Flowers as Head of that Division in 1960 and becoming Director of AERE in 1968; he eventually was appointed Chairman of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in 1981. Appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1973, he was Knighted in 1982. As a champion of nuclear power, he was appointed, in 1983, to be chairman of the Central Electricity Generating Board. For his success in keeping the country’s “lights on” during the protracted miners’ strike of 1984-5, Mrs Thatcher rewarded him with a life peerage and he became Baron Marshall of Goring, of South Stoke in the County of Oxfordshire on 22 July 1985. In 1989, with the government’s plan to reorganise and privatise electricity generation, the position of Chairman of the CEGB disappeared. He was made Chairman of National Power which included a large number of the coal- and oil-fired power stations and all of the nuclear power stations. National Power was a division of the CEGB until it was privatised in 1990. This was done as he had a close association with nuclear power, from the early years. But before the privatisation process was complete, the city was not happy with the nuclear component in National Power, and it was removed from the process and placed into another state-owned company (only to be part privatised some 5 years later). It was as a result of this political decision that he resigned his post as Chairman of National Power. Marshall then entered into several jobs in the private sector connected with the nuclear industry and died in 1996. As a scientist, Marshall was recognised as one of the leading theoreticians in the atomic properties of matter and characterised by his penetrating analytical powers. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1971. In 1977 he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences.
Song for America is the second studio album by American progressive rock band Kansas, released in 1975. The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2004. The 10-minute title track was edited down to three minutes for release as a single. The 45 R.P.M. edit resurfaced 29 years later as a bonus track on the remastered release, which provided improved sound as well as expanded liner notes, rare photos, and a live version of \"Down the Road\". A new version of the album, Playlist: Song for America, was released with \"Magnum Opus\" from Leftoverture (1976) instead of \"The Devil Game\" on the new album.
Terror Train is a 1980 Canadian-American slasher horror film directed by Roger Spottiswoode and starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Ben Johnson. It follows the members of a college fraternity who played a cruel prank on a shy kid named Kenny Hampson three years ago. They are having a costume party on a train; unbeknownst to them, someone has boarded the train with them and is killing them all one by one.
Between the Knees (Hangul: 무릎과 무릎사이; RR: Muleupgwa muleupsai) is a 1984 South Korean film about a married woman who suffers from abnormal sexual tendencies which leads to her downfall.
Tracks on Wax 4 is a 1978 album by Dave Edmunds. The record was the first Edmunds solo effort to feature all four members of the band Rockpile: Edmunds, Billy Bremner (who also wrote two of the album's songs under the pen name Billy Murray), Nick Lowe, and Terry Williams. The album's eighth song, \"Thread Your Needle\" was originally recorded by the Ohio-based R&B duo Dean and Jean (Welton Young and Brenda Lee Jones). The album's final song, \"Heart Of The City\", was originally recorded by Nick Lowe as a Stiff Records single in 1976. A live version performed by Rockpile was released on Lowe's album Jesus of Cool (also 1978) and Edmunds used the same backing track, but overdubbed his own lead vocals in place of Lowe's. The song \"Trouble Boys\" was covered by Thin Lizzy in 1981 and released on 7 inch single.
Oxford Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Oxford in Chenango County, New York. The district includes 201 contributing buildings and seven contributing structures. It encompasses the village's historic core and includes commercial, residential, civic, and ecclesiastical buildings. Among the notable buildings are the First National Bank of Oxford building (1894), James Clarke House building (remodeled 1914), Baptist Church (United Church of Oxford, 1824), and Gerritt Van Wagenen house (1824). Located within the district are the separately listed Theodore Burr House and US Post Office-Oxford. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
ATL RMX is a free download album released in 2009 by Adult Swim (through Williams Street Records). It is presented by Rockstar Games' Beaterator. The track listing contains remixes of songs by many mainstream hip hop artists, all of whom are based out of Atlanta, Georgia (the home of Adult Swim).
The Main Street Bridge is an historic bridge carrying Main Street over the Pawtucket Falls in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The oldest portion of this bridge consists of two flattened-arch spans, each about 40 feet (12 m) in length, with a total bridge length of 110 feet (34 m). The bridge has been widened twice to accommodate increased traffic; the most recent widening was in the 1960s, when concrete abutments were added to the south, and the added section completed with I-beams. The bridge, built in 1858, is believed to be the oldest highway bridge in active use in the state. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Josef Velenovský (22 April 1858 – 7 May 1949) was a Czech botanist, mycologist, pteridologist, and bryologist. He also worked with fossils. He was a research investigator and professor in the Botanical Institute of the University of Prague, alternating with his colleague Ladislav Josef Čelakovský. He was also professor of botany at Charles University, where he concentrated in the study of mycology in final half of his life. Velenovský collected innumerable material, particularly in new central Bohemia, and described at least 2000 species of fungi. Many of his type specimens and other collections are located in the herbarium of the Národní Museum of Prague. The standard author abbreviation Velen. is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.
The River is a 258 m (846 ft) tall skyscraper in Bangkok, Thailand. On the banks of the Chao Phraya River opposite the Shangri-La Hotel, the building has around 70 floors of residential condominiums and was completed in 2011. Developed by Raimon Land, the project consists of two buildings, a taller south tower adjacent to the river, and a slightly smaller north tower which is offset from the front tower so that both towers can enjoy river views. The 74-floor The River South is currently the second tallest building in Thailand comprising entirely freehold condominiums. The 152 m (499 ft) 45-floor north tower includes a mix of both freehold condominiums either owned or rented, and a section of the tower which is a serviced apartment operated by Klapsons. Facilities include a 120 m river promenade, gym, several swimming pools, gardens, and adjacent community mall retail space at VUE, also owned and operated by Raimon Land, which opened in 2012.
Raising Fear is the third album by American heavy metal band Armored Saint. It was released in 1987 on Chrysalis Records. They recorded the album as a four-piece as guitarist Phil Sandoval quit the band during the recording of its previous album, Delirious Nomad. After Raising Fear was released, Chrysalis dropped the band.This was the last Armored Saint studio album with guitarist Dave Prichard, who died of leukemia in 1990 before the next album, Symbol of Salvation.
Potamogeton epihydrus is a perennial aquatic plant known by the common name ribbonleaf pondweed, Nuttall's pondweed (not to be confused with Elodea nuttallii) or in Britain and Ireland American pondweed. It is native to much of North America, where it grows in water bodies such as ponds, lakes, ditches, and slow-moving streams.
Vargaresa is the first demo album by the Viking metal band Månegarm. It was recorded in 1996. This album and the band's second demo album, Ur Nattvindar, were combined for the compilation album, Vargaresa – The Beginning.
Łubianka [wuˈbʲaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Barlinek, 24 km (15 mi) east of Myślibórz, and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Montia linearis is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names narrowleaf miner's lettuce and narrow-leafed montia. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Utah, where it grows in moist to wet areas in a number of habitat types, including forests and meadows, woodlands, and grassland. The plant is also known from some areas of the southeastern United States, including Mississippi.
The lodge was built about 1915 by local black farmers. Their organization provided insurance, advice, and burial assistance to members, and the structure was the headquarters for the outfit. In 1953, a new pavilion opened at nearby Mosquito Beach, and the building fell into disuse. In 2007, the building had been vacant for a decade and was in near ruinous condition. The Town of James Island agreed to contribute $50,000 toward the restoration of the building. In 2009, a restoration of the building was undertaken at a cost of about $100,000 including the recreation of a missing porch. The Seashore Farmers’ Lodge No. 767 was added to the National Register on October 3, 2007 as a significant illustration of the importance of fraternal orders in the cultural life of the lowcountry African American community in the early twentieth century. In 1915, the members of the Lodge built a two-story building on land belonging to Henry Wallace, a member. The building has a lateral gable roof of raised-seam tin with exposed rafters, wood clapboarding, concrete piers, and windows with wooden full-panel shutters as simple openings.
A Child From the South was a 1991 television movie about a Nadia (played by Josette Simon), a young journalist, in political exile from South Africa since her father's assassination twenty years earlier and her return to cover a United Nations conference. It was written by Chris Austin, Gill Bond and Leyga Zendare and directed by Sergio Rezende.
Dangerous Ishhq (Dangerous Love) is a 2012 Bollywood Supernatural thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Karisma Kapoor in the lead role. The filming began on 7 September 2010. The film was released on 11 May 2012 and received mostly negative reviews.
Belli Naaga (Kannada: ಬೆಳ್ಳಿನಾಗ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film, directed by N S Dhananjaya (Datthu) and produced by A R Raju. The film stars Tiger Prabhakar, Nalini, Dinesh and Sudarshan in lead roles. The film had musical score by Chellapilla Satyam.
Jungle Gents is a 1954 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on September 5, 1954 by Allied Artists and is the thirty-fifth film in the series and the film debut of Clint Walker in an uncredited appearance at the end of the film.
Rabhasa is the feature film soundtrack of the 2014 film of the same name directed by Santosh Srinivas starring N. T. Rama Rao Jr., Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Pranitha Subhash in the lead roles. The film's soundtrack consists of 5 songs all composed by S. Thaman while the lyrics were penned by Ramajogayya Sastry, Anantha Sreeram and Sri Mani. The film also marked N. T. Rama Rao Jr.'s return as a playback singer after a hiatus of 4 years. The film's soundtrack released on August 1, 2014 at Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad through Aditya Music label.
Anderat (Persian: اندرات‎‎, also Romanized as Anderāt) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 31 families.
Chyże [ˈxɨʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bełżec, 7 km (4 mi) south of Tomaszów Lubelski, and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 380.
First Run Features is an independent film distribution company based in New York City. First Run was founded in 1979 by a group of filmmakers in order to advance the distribution of independent film and is one of America's largest independent distributors of documentaries and art films, releasing 12 to 15 films a year in theaters nationwide and 40 to 60 titles on DVD and VOD annually. First Run distributes a large number of documentaries and foreign films, including many films about LGBT issues, Jewish experience, and political and human rights issues. First Run is the American distributor for Michael Apted's Up Series, Ross McElwee's Sherman's March, Oscar-nominated The Most Dangerous Man in America, Maidentrip, Girl Model, Eames: The Architect and the Painter, For the Bible Tells Me So, A Jihad for Love, God Loves Uganda , D.A. Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus's Kings of Pastry, Joe Berlinger's Crude, Alex Gibney and Eugene Jarecki's The Trials of Henry Kissinger, Alice, Save Me, Anita: Speaking Truth to Power and Moving Midway, among many others. Many of the films First Run Features has distributed have been endorsed by Human Rights Watch.
The Winning Hand is an album by Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton & Brenda Lee. It was released in December 1982 on Monument Records. Upon its release the album received mediocre reviews from critics.
Muuksi is a village in Kuusalu Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. Architect Erika Nõva (1905–1987) was born in Toomani farmstead in Muuksi village. \n* Sepa farmstead in Muuksi \n* Muuksi bus stop \n*
G.W. Carver Freshman Campus (also called Freshman Academy or The Freshman Campus) is a public high school located at the south end of Douglas, Georgia, United States. The school mascot is the Trojan. GWCFC houses all the 9th graders in Coffee County. The campus was originally Carver School, and housed grades 1–12. Later it was Coffee Junior High. Then the junior high was split into two middle schools, and this campus became East Coffee Middle School, housing grades 6–8. In the fall of 2007 it acquired the name Coffee High School Freshman Campus. Today it is known as the George Washington Carver Freshman Campus, an extension of Coffee High School.
Doina Liliana Bălan (later Snep, born 10 December 1963) is a retired Romanian rower. She competed at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympics and five world championships between 1985 and 1991 and won 10 medals, including three gold medals. Her husband Ioan Snep and sister Anișoara Bălan are also Olympic rowers.
Those Two (Italian:Quei due) is a 1935 Italian comedy film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Eduardo De Filippo, Peppino De Filippo and Assia Noris. A couple of men struggling to find work both fall in love with the same woman. The story is loosely based on two works by Eduardo De Filippo.
Archerwill (population 200) is a village in east-central Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 55 km (34 mi) north of Wadena, 52 km (32 mi) south of Tisdale and 70 km (43 mi) southeast of Melfort. Since 1981 Archerwill has been the administrative centre of the Rural Municipality of Barrier Valley.
Pichab (Persian: پيچاب‎‎, also Romanized as Pīchāb) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Wężyki [vɛ̃ˈʐɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 61 km (38 mi) west of Warsaw.
Slættanes (pronounced [ˈslaʰtːaˌneːs]) is a town on the Island of Vágar in the Faroes, which is now abandoned. Slættanes, like the also abandoned village of Víkar, on the northern coast of the island. It was founded in 1835 by a man named Hendrik Thomasen and belonged to the municipality of Sandavágur in the south. During its best years (1945 to 1950) around 130 people lived in the village, but the average population was around 70. There were 12 houses in Slættanes. However, in 1965 the last inhabitants left the community because of its relatively isolated location. A road was never built to Slættanes, but there are many trails there. One goes to Sandavágur in the southeast, another to Sørvágur to the south, and yet another goes west to Gásadalur. In the village itself there are no streets or discernible paths. The houses stand dispersed across the meadow and now serve as summer houses for the former residents and their relatives. Postal service once arrived by foot from Sørvágur, and then later by a regular boat service from Vestmanna.
Live from a Shark Cage is the first album by Papa M, the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo (after 'M' and 'Aerial M'), released in 1999 on the Chicago-based Drag City label (see 1999 in music). The album was released on both CD and 180-gram vinyl. As specified in the brief liner notes, \"Roadrunner\" was recorded in San Francisco by Nat Gleason, \"Drunken Spree\" was recorded in Chicago by Steve Albini (who produced Pajo's previous band Slint's first album, Tweez), \"I Am Not Lonely With Cricket\" was recorded in London by Stereolab's Tim Gane, and all other tracks were recorded at Velvetone Music Studio in Louisville, KY, pre-mastered by Konrad Strauss at Chicago Recording Company, and mastered by Nick Webb at Abbey Road Studios. The image on the mostly black-background cover is a photograph, taken by Valery Yakushev, of a portion of a wall in the \"Park Of Culture\" subway station in Moscow.
Margaret Ursula Jones (née Owen, 16 May 1916 – 23 March 2001) was a British archaeologist, best known for directing major excavations at Mucking, Essex. Born in Birkenhead, Jones first became involved in archaeology while studying at the University of Liverpool, where she volunteered on W. J. Varley's excavations. After graduating she worked as a wartime postal censor and freelance photojournalist, whilst continuing to volunteer on archaeological excavations around Britain. In 1956, Jones began working for the Ministry of Works as a freelance archaeologist in the burgeoning field of rescue archaeology. She worked at a number of sites, but is best known for her excavations at Mucking, a major Anglo-Saxon settlement and associated cemetery, with finds ranging from the Stone Age to the Medieval period. The Mucking excavation, which Jones directed from 1965 to 1978, became Britain's largest ever archaeological excavation. It produced an unprecedented volume of material, although some academic archaeologists have criticised the fact that the results did not appear in print until decades after the excavation had ended. Jones' work at Mucking, as well as her role in founding the campaign group Rescue, was influential in the establishment of modern commercial archaeology in Britain.
Downe House is a home on Richmond Hill, Greater London, which has been occupied by playwright Richard Brinsley Sheridan, The Rolling Stones lead vocalist Mick Jagger, and model Jerry Hall.
Devikulam is a small hill station about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from Munnar in the Idukki District of the southern state of Kerala, India. It lies 1,800 metres (5,900 ft) above sea level.
Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Nūrbībī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 334, in 81 families.
A New High in Low is a double-disc album released by Pigface on August 26, 1997 featuring the work of Martin Atkins, Genesis P-Orridge, Dave Wright, and poet Meg Lee Chin.
French Twist (French: Gazon maudit) is a cult 1995 French comedy film. It was written and directed by Josiane Balasko. The film was one of very few French films to have a dubbed version for English audiences. Its title in French is untranslatable but 'Cursed Lawn' is a close approximation. It also refers to the shaving (or not) of pubic hair, a subtle joke in French alluding to the subject matter of the film. The film was selected as the French entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 68th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The Crockett County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1902 at 907 Ave D, Ozona, Texas, United States. The Second Empire style building was designed by Oscar Ruffini of San Angelo. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 27, 1974. Crockett County was organized in 1891and named after Davy Crockett. The first courthouse was a wood frame structure built in 1891. The building served the county until 1902 when the present hand cut native limestone courthouse and jail were built. The estimated cost of the courthouse was $30,000 paid for by bonds issued by the county. In its first few decades of existence, the two-story structure also served as a community center for social events and weekly dances.
The Big Creek Bridge is a bowstring arch bridge that spans the Big Creek on U.S. Route 101 in Lane County, Oregon. It was designed by Conde McCullough and opened in 1931. The bridge has a total length of 180 ft (55 m) and contains one 120 ft (37 m) reinforced concrete tied arch, identical in design to Ten Mile Creek Bridge and Wilson River Bridge. The locations for all three bridges were similar in that the sandy foundations were not secure enough for the abutment piers required to relieve the lateral pressure of traditional arches. The flood levels of the rivers approached the road grade and ruled out the use of reinforced concrete girders. The corrosive salt air eliminated the practicality of steel truss bridges. The design of the bridge was similar to the rainbow arch design patented by James Barney Marsh. The bridge, along with the Ten Mile Creek Bridge and the Wilson River Bridge, was rehabilitated in 1996 to increase the overhead clearance and add a cathodic protection system to protect the embedded steel reinforcements against the corrosive air. A project to replace the cathodic protection system began in February 2014.
Rolla Milton Tryon Jr. (August 26, 1916 – August 20, 2001) was an American botanist who specialized in the systematics and evolution of ferns and other spore-dispersed plants (pteridology). His particular focus and interest lay in two areas, historical biogeography of ferns and the taxonomy of tropical American ferns.
Familien Gyldenkål sprænger banken (English: The Goldcabbage Family Breaks the Bank) is a 1976 Danish comedy film directed by Gabriel Axel. It was the second in a series of three films about the eccentric Gyldenkål family, a sequel to Familien Gyldenkål (1975) also directed by Axel, and followed by Familien Gyldenkål vinder valget (1977) directed by Bent Christensen.
Cheikhei (English: Full Stop) is a 2015 Manipuri film directed by Premkumar Paonam and produced by Taibi, under the banner of Triveni Films and presented by Premila. It stars Gurumayum Bonny, Bala Hijam and Artina Thoudam in the lead roles. Indu, Edhou, Tayenjam Mema, Shyamdhani, Surjit Saikhom, Ibomcha, Jenny are playing supporting roles. The story of the film was written by Premkumar Paonam. A.K. Yangoi composed the soundtrack for the film and Niranjan Usham wrote the lyrics. Cheikhei was released at MSFDS on 13 December 2015.
Clay is a 1965 Australian drama film directed by Giorgio Mangiamele. The film was nominated for the Golden Palm award at the 1965 Cannes Film Festival, but it lost to The Knack ...and How to Get It.
MTV VMA Score 2005 is a two-part soundtrack album for the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards. The score was written and produced by Mike Shinoda and additionally Lil Jon. An EP was released on August 31, 2005 in support of the award function. The soundtrack was available for download on the website of MTV during 2005-2006, but the whole album was not available anywhere, so Shinoda released it separately for streaming on his official website on March 1, 2010.
This Dragon Won't Sleep is the title of a recording by Canadian guitarist Don Ross, released in 1995. It is his first for Columbia/Sony Canada. It features full band arrangements on most of the songs and a few solo guitar pieces.
Gioconda's Smile (Greek: Το Χαμόγελο της Τζοκόντας) is one of the most famous albums by Greek composer Manos Hadjidakis. It is considered one of the classic albums of 20th-century music in Greece. The album was recorded in New York in 1965, with Quincy Jones as producer. It was first released in USA in 1965 with twelve orchestral songs, and that same year in Greece, but \"The Athletes\" and \"The Soldier\" were not included. The album was re-released in 2004, as part of the EMI Classics series. The album was re-released with a variety of covers. Except for the first version, which was released in USA, all of the covers featured Mona Lisa. The cover (inspired and executed by Marianna Xenaki) and, most notably, the title of the album are explained by Manos Hadjidakis in the introductory note he wrote for the album: In the course of a New York City parade, amidst bursts of music and colours and 5th Avenue flooded with people, I found myself one Sunday afternoon in the autumn of 1963. Then and there, I met a little woman walking all alone with a desperate indifference to what was happening around her; nobody noticed her, she noticed nobody; she was desolately alone in the unknown crowd shoving her, passing her by, heedless and hostile, leaving her to drown in the deep flood of the Avenue, inside that sea she was following, inside the wind beginning to blow. I was riveted there, the only human being who noticed her. I tried to trail after her and follow her till I could get close enough to talk to her, without my knowing what I would say to her; but by the time I 'd made up my mind, I'd lost sight of her. I ran a little way ahead, stood on tiptoe in hopes of catching sight of her again, but the big black sea of people had swallowed her up. Inside me something started throbbing painfully. Without realising it, I'd come to a stop outside Rizzoli's Bookshop and in the display window, exactly facing me, was a book about da Vinci with the Gioconda on the cover. Incredibly enigmatic, she smiled to me, automatically enlarged to the size of the woman who'd just disappeared down the street. I don't know why all these elements became strangely tangled inside myself, together with an exquisite motif by Vivaldi, which I had heard several days before this and which had continued ever since plaguing my memory tyranically. These ten songs were composed with a blend of despair and reminiscences. The theme is a solitary woman in the big city. Each song is a monologue of hers and all the songs together compose her story. A story which is modern and, yet at the same time, old.
Dear Dumb Diary is a Hallmark Channel TV movie based on the book series of the same name by Jim Benton. It stars Emily Alyn Lind as Jamie Kelly, a seventh-grader who documents her experiences at Mackerel Middle School in her diary, as well as Mary-Charles Jones as her best friend Isabella and Sterling Griffith as popular girl Angeline. First airing on the Hallmark Channel in September 6, 2013, the movie received mixed reviews.
Vallisneria (named in honor of Antonio Vallisneri) is a genus of freshwater aquatic plant, commonly called eelgrass, tape grass or vallis. The genus is widely distributed in tropical and subtropical regions of Asia, Africa, Europe, and North America. Vallisneria is a submersed plant that spreads by runners and sometimes forms tall underwater meadows. Leaves arise in clusters from their roots. The leaves have rounded tips, and definite raised veins. Single white female flowers grow to the water surface on very long stalks. Male flowers grow on short stalks, become detached, and float to the surface. The fruit is a banana-like capsule having many tiny seeds. Sometimes it is confused with the superficially similar Sagittaria when grown submerged. This plant should not be confused with Zostera species, marine seagrasses that are usually also given the common name \"eelgrass\".
Heinrich Zollinger (March 22, 1818 – May 19, 1859) was a Swiss botanist. Zollinger was born in Feuerthalen, Switzerland. From 1837-1838 he studied botany at the University of Geneva under Augustin and Alphonse Pyramus de Candolle, but had to interrupt his studies due to financial problems. In 1842 he moved to Java, working in a botanical garden, and on small government-financed scientific expeditions. He returned to Switzerland in 1848, but came back to Java in 1855 with his wife and two children. The species Clavaria zollingeri described scientifically by French mycologist Joseph-Henri Léveillé in 1846 was named after Heinrich Zollinger, who researched the genus Clavaria, and collected the type specimen in Java. Zollinger died in Kandangan of the long-term effects of malaria. The standard author abbreviation Zoll. is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.
Acacia crassicarpa (northern wattle, thick-podded salwood, brown salwood, Papua New Guinea red wattle, red wattle; syn. Racosperma crassicarpum (A.Cunn. ex Benth.) Pedley.) is a tree native to Australia (Queensland), West Papua (Indonesia) and Papua New Guinea.
Linear Acoustic is an American company based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania that develops technology and manufacturers equipment used by television stations, cable television and satellite television services providers, post-production facilities and other content services providers to control, measure, manage and monitor multi-channel digital audio. The company has been especially active in areas related to automated upmixing and downmixing of multichannel broadcast audio, and with issues related to relative loudness of broadcast audio. The company was founded in 2002 by Tim Carroll, who had previously worked as Product Manager for the Professional Audio Division of Dolby Laboratories in San Francisco. While at Dolby, Carroll contributed to the development of Dolby Digital (AC-3) and Dolby E encoding systems for DVD and high-definition television (HDTV) applications. Christina Carroll is the Vice President and Executive Director of Linear Acoustic and is responsible for managing day-to-day company operations. The company’s products can be broadly broken down into three categories: Loudness controllers designed to help television broadcasters maintain consistent audio levels; monitors and meters that measure digital audio levels, including loudness; and stand-alone encoding and transcoding products for handling the various data compression technologies commonly found in digital television plants. The subject of controlling loudness in television broadcasts has garnered considerable publicity since the FCC moved to implement enforcement of the Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation or CALM Act on December 13, 2012. While consumer complaints about overly loud television commercials are almost as old as the medium itself, the CALM Act began as legislation was first sponsored by Representative Anna Eshoo, a Democratic congresswoman in California, in 2008. The law was passed in 2010 and went into full effect in 2011 and 2012. The Linear Acoustic AERO line of audio processors effectively measures and manages shifts in loudness and controls discrepancies between program and commercial audio without unnecessarily degrading the quality of the audio or significantly affecting the dynamic range that adds impact to digital television audio. When used in combination with a meter capable of measuring loudness by the ITU-R BS.1770 standard (or derivatives of this standard, such as EBU R128) U.S. broadcasters will be able to achieve CALM compliance by effectively managing and monitoring audio levels. Linear Acoustic also manufacturers the UPMAX 5.1-channel upmixer, which creates multi-channel surround sound audio from 2-channel (stereo) sources. NBC utilized this product during the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics, and relied upon the company’s AERO.qc products during the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics. In 2008, Linear Acoustic became part of The Telos Alliance, based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Telos Alliance comprises Telos Systems, Axia Audio, Omnia Audio, and 25-Seven Systems that manufacture broadcast telephone systems, consoles and audio over IP gear, audio processors, and audio time management hardware for radio stations. Frank Foti, founder of Omnia Audio, is The Telos Alliance CEO. At the 2012 NAB Show in Las Vegas, Linear Acoustic announced a co-branding agreement with Dolby Laboratories under which the company will manufacture stand-alone Dolby-centric professional products such as audio codecs and audio bitstream test tools.
Derrick Rshone Johnson (born 6 January 1985) is a American male weightlifter, competing in the 62 kg category and representing United States at international competitions. He competed at world championships, including at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships.
Golestan (Persian: گلستان‎‎, also Romanized as Golestān) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 5 families.
Dabbala Rajagopal \"Raj\" Reddy (born June 13, 1937) is an Indian-American computer scientist and a winner of the Turing Award. He is one of the early pioneers of Artificial Intelligence and has served on the faculty of Stanford and Carnegie Mellon University for over 40 years. He was the founding director of the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. He was instrumental in helping to create Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies in India, to cater to the educational needs of the low-income, gifted, rural youth. He is also the chairman of International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad. He is the first person of Asian origin to receive the ACM Turing Award, in 1994, the highest award in Computer Science, for his work in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
Makuta is an Indian visual effects and animation company based in Santa Clara, CA with branches in Hyderabad, India and Universal City, CA. The company received the National Film Awards in 2010 and 2012 for \"Magadheera\", and Eega respectively. In 2012, Makuta also won the Best Visual Effects at the Filmfare awards and CineMAA Awards for \"Eega\".
The Horse EP is an EP by British singer-songwriter Alessi's Ark. It was her first release for Virgin and featured re-recorded versions of two songs from her debut release, the Bedroom Bound EP, \"The Horse\" and \"Let's Race\" and two new tracks, \"Neighbour's Birds\" and \"Patchwork Of Dreams\". Jake Bellows of Neva Dinova provides guest vocals on lead track \"The Horse\".
Małdaniec [mau̯ˈdaɲet͡s] (German: Maldanietz; 1938-45: Maldanen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
The San Marco apartment building in Spokane, Washington was built in 1904. It was designed by architect Albert Held. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Happy Hell Night (also known as Frat Night) is a 1992 slasher film directed by Brian Owens and starring Darren McGavin and Nick Gregory. The film also features brief appearances by Sam Rockwell and Jorja Fox in their early careers.
Kepler Communications, Inc. is a private company, based in Toronto, Canada that specializes in satellite communications services from a network of small satellites. The company was founded in 2015 by four graduate students from the University of Toronto, who had spent the previous years working together on various design projects through the University of Toronto Aerospace Team. The startup was incubated at the Creative Destruction Lab, Ryerson University's DMZ, and was part of the Techstars Seattle 2016 cohort. The startup raised $5M in a seed round financing.  The company plans to use the funds to launch its pilot service by the end of 2017.
Port Williams is a Canadian village in Kings County, Nova Scotia. It is located on the north bank of the Cornwallis River. The village is named in honour of  Sir William Fenwick Williams, who fought in the Siege of Kars (which is the namesake of Kars Street, Port Williams). Williams became the first post Canadian Confederation Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia. As of 2006, the population was 1,050.
(For the 2015 tamil film, see Enakkul Oruvan (2015 film).) Enakkul Oruvan (English: Someone within me; எனக்குள் ஒருவன்) is a 1984 Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role. A remake of Subhash Ghai's Hindi film, Karz (1980), starring Rishi Kapoor, and Tina Munim.
The B.B. Kirkland Seed and Distributing Company is a three story historic warehouse building at 912 Lady Street in Columbia, South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Organic is the fifteenth studio album by Joe Cocker, released on October 14th, 1996 (see 1996 in music) in the UK. The album sees Cocker return to his musical roots with a remarkable collection of new recordings of some of his own classics, including \"You Are So Beautiful\", \"Delta Lady\" and \"Many Rivers To Cross\" coupled with fresh interpretations of Van Morrison's \"Into The Mystic\", Bob Dylan's \"Dignity\" and Stevie Wonder's \"You And I\". The Organic sessions were guided by producer Don Was and include performances from such legendary musicians as Jim Keltner, Billy Preston, Chris Stainton, Dean Parks and Randy Newman. The album was showcased in Europe throughout October 1996, culminating in three special performances at Shepherd's Bush Empire on October 30th, 31st and November 1st.
Garmab (Persian: گرماب‎‎, also Romanized as Garmāb) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 188, in 38 families.
Bror Ingemar Ture Johansson (25 April 1924 – 18 April 2009) was a Swedish race walker who won a silver medal in the 10 km at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was also an accomplished speed skater.
Tariku Bekele (Amharic: ታሪኩ በቀለ; born 28 February 1987) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner, who specializes in the 5000 metres and has moved up to 10000 metres as well. He is the younger brother of Kenenisa Bekele. He is the fourth fastest Ethiopian ever over 5000 m and 3000 metres. His indoor 3000 m best of 7:31.09 ranks him as the ninth fastest of all-time in the event. He was the 10,000 m bronze medallist at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His first major victory came at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships, where he won the 3000 m gold medal. He was the 2006 World Junior Champion over the distance and also won a cross country junior bronze medal that year. He took a continental silver medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games. Tariku has finished in the top eight of 5000 m finals at the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the World Championships in Athletics in 2005 and 2007.
Broken Freedom Song: Live from San Francisco is a live album by Kris Kristofferson, released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) on the Oh Boy record label. Recorded in San Francisco on July 19, 2002, the album features few of Kristofferson's most well-known songs, one of the sole exceptions being the title track. The subject matter is largely political and many of the numbers featured are protest songs, but several love songs were performed as well.
Heiki Nabi (born 6 June 1985) is an Estonian Olympic champion wrestler. Nabi was born in Hilleste, Hiiumaa. At the 2006 World Wrestling Championships he won the gold medal in the men's Greco-Roman (96 kg) category and became the first amateur wrestling World Champion for his home country, because previous Estonian wrestling World Champion August Englas (1953 and 1954) competed for Soviet Union. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Nabi won the silver medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 120kg.
Super-Pharm (Hebrew: סופר-פארם‎‎ Super-Pharm) is a pharmacy chain in Israel, Poland, and China. Owned by the Koffler family, the pharmacy uses the same logo and some of the same private-label brands, such as Life and Quo, as Shoppers Drug Mart in Canada.
Circa: Now! is the second album by the San Diego, California rock band Rocket from the Crypt, released in 1992 by Cargo Music and Headhunter Records. It was the band's first album to include drummer Atom and saxophone player Apollo 9. Intense touring following the album's release gained the band acclaim in underground music circles, scoring them the first of many \"minor hits\" with the song \"Hippy Dippy Do.\" The band also filmed music videos for the songs \"Ditchdigger\" and \"Sturdy Wrist.\" The underground success of Circa: Now! brought the band to the attention of major record labels, resulting in numerous offers for recording contracts. In 1993 the band signed to Interscope Records, who bought the rights to Circa: Now! from Cargo/Headhunter and re-released it on a larger scale. Rocket from the Crypt would remain with Interscope until 1999, after which singer/guitarist John Reis started his own record label, Swami Records. Swami released a remastered version of the album in 2004 as Circa: Now! +4, including 4 additional songs recorded in 1993 which had originally been intended for inclusion on the Interscope re-release.
The Trenton Ferry Historic District is a historic mixed-use urban working class neighborhood primarily composed of modest row houses, schools, churches, and commercial buildings. The neighborhood has roots in the 18th century but the majority of its fabric dates to the 19th and early 20th centuries. The district has few modern intrusions and has retained its historic character.
Melaleuca blaeriifolia is an erect to spreading shrub in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to a small area in the south-west of Western Australia. It has small leaves and small greenish-yellow flowerheads.
The Princess Hotel Sofia is a 4-star hotel in Sofia, Bulgaria. It has 601 hotel rooms, a luxury lobby bar and a restaurant. The hotel is located near the Central Bus Station and the Central Railway Station
Homaabad-e Olya (Persian: هماابادعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Homāābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Hamābād-e ‘Olyā, Hamamābād, Homāābād-e Bālā, Homābād-e Bālā, Homābād-e ‘Olyā, Homabad Olya, and Humābād Bāla) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 78 families.
Mazhdeh Ali (Persian: مژده علي‎‎, also Romanized as Mazhdeh ʿAlī) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 30 families.
Shanbarak (Persian: شنبرك‎‎, also Romanized as Shenbarak; also known as Chambarak, Chamrak, and Shīrak) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 272, in 73 families.
Venus Isle is the fourth studio album by guitarist Eric Johnson, released on September 3, 1996 through Capitol Records. The album reached No. 51 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for six weeks. \"Pavilion\" was released as a single and reached No. 33 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart, while its B-side \"S.R.V.\" is a tribute to guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan and features his elder brother Jimmie Vaughan as a guest soloist. \"Camel's Night Out\" is featured as downloadable content for the music video game Guitar Hero World Tour (2008) and can also be exported to Guitar Hero 5 (2009). The album's original title was to be Travel One Hope, but this was changed at the last minute by Capitol for \"being too oblique.\" Advance promotional CDs of Travel One Hope have since become a collector's item.
Kumaraswamy (Vela) Velupillai (born 1947) is an academic economist and a Senior Visiting Professor at the Madras School of Economics and was, formerly, (Distinguished) Professor of Economics at the New School for Social Research in New York City and Professore di Chiara Fama in the Department of Economics at the University of Trento, Italy.
Chuman (Persian: چومان‎‎, also Romanized as Chūmān) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 251, in 57 families.
Wojnowice [vɔi̯nɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Opalenica, 23 km (14 mi) east of Nowy Tomyśl, and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 1,064.
United is the twelfth studio album by the Commodores, released on October 7, 1986 as the follow-up to their extremely successful album Nightshift from the previous year. This album included one of The Commodores' last significant hits in \"Goin' to the Bank\", and it has been the group's last major charting album to date, even though they went on to release several albums since. \"Goin' to the Bank\" climbed to number two on Billboard's R&B singles chart. The follow-up single, \"Take It From Me\", barely entered the top 40 on the R&B chart, while another single, the ballad \"United in Love\", peaked at #22 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
Grávido is a 1984 album by the Brazilian composer and singer Luiz Gonzaga Jr., better known as Gonzaguinha. It is considered an album of the maturity period of the artist and counts on the arrangements of Jota Moraes. It includes the hits \"Lindo lago do amor\" and \"Rosa povo\".
From the Vaults, Vol. 1 is a compilation album by Kylesa released on November 16, 2012 in Europe and November 20, 2012 in North America through Season of Mist collecting previously unreleased tracks, alternate versions of released tracks and one new track. The collection features a newly recorded track titled \"End Truth\" as well as a cover of Pink Floyd's \"Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun\" and Buzzoven's \"Drained\".
The Last Place is the second studio album by American indie rock band Army Navy, released on July 12, 2011 on the band's own label, The Fever Zone. A music video for \"Ode to Janice Melt\", directed by Jeremy Konner and starring Jason Ritter and Simon Helberg, was released on September 15, 2011. \"The Long Goodbye\" appeared in the movie Beastly. The album was met with positive reviews from music critics, getting 3 out of 5 from AllMusic and 7.0 out of 10 from Pitchfork Media.
Zap is a city in Mercer County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 237 at the 2010 census. Zap was founded in 1913 along a branch line of the Northern Pacific Railway that began in Mandan. The exact origin of the name is uncertain, though there are numerous unconfirmed explanations. Zap has been noted for its unusual place name.
Open is the fourth studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard. The album peaked at #1 on the Swiss Charts and was certified as 2x Platinum for exceeding 60,000 sales.
Alice in Wonderland is an Australian 51-minute direct-to-video animated film from Burbank Films Australia. It was originally released in 1988. The film is based on Lewis Carroll's classic English novel, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, first published in 1865, and was adapted by Paul Leadon. Unlike many other adaptations of the novel, this one did not borrow elements from its sequel, Through the Looking-Glass (1871), combined into one film. The production company produced a 73-minute adaptation of the second novel the year before, in 1987, entitled Alice: Through the Looking-Glass. The 1988 film was produced by Roz Phillips and directed by Rich Trueblood. Quite uncommon among Burbank Films Australia's adaptations of classic literary works, Alice in Wonderland featured one original theme song, composed by Mark Isaacs. The copyright in this film is now owned by Pulse Distribution and Entertainment and administered by digital rights management firm NuTech Digital.
Baby Burlesks is the collective series title of eight thematically unrelated one-reeler films produced by Jack Hays and directed by Charles Lamont for Educational Pictures in 1932 and 1933. The eight films are satires on major motion pictures, film stars, celebrities, and current events, and sometimes contain material that may be considered racist or sexist by modern standards. Cast members are preschoolers clad in adult costumes on the top and diapers fastened with large safety pins on the bottom. Many of the children employed in the series were recruited from Meglin's Dance School in Hollywood, and, when not rehearsing or shooting, were sent out by the studio as advertising models for a variety of products (including breakfast cereals and cigars) in order to underwrite the costs of film production. The series is notable for featuring three-year-old Shirley Temple in her first screen appearances. In her 1988 autobiography, the actress describes the Baby Burlesks as \"a cynical exploitation of our childish innocence\". She also said the films were \"the best things I ever did\".
Bayless Senior High School is a public high school located in St. Louis, Missouri. Bayless is fully accredited by the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. There is an enrollment of about 600 students, with 95% daily attendance. There are 175 days in their school year, with eight full days off school for professional development. Bayless Senior High has an average class size of 33 students.
Bala Mahalleh-ye Qasemabad (Persian: بالا محله قاسم آباد‎‎, also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Qāsemābād; also known as Qāsemābād, Qāsemābād-e Bālā, Qāsemābād-e ‘Olyā, and Qasemābād ‘Olyā) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 917, in 274 families.
The Smith–Elisha House, sometimes known just as the Elisha House or the Christmas Tree House, is located on West Main Street (State Highway 82) in Aspen, Colorado, United States. It is a wood frame structure in the Queen Anne architectural style built in the late 19th century. In 1989 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is considered one of the best Queen Anne houses in the city. Eben Smith, its original owner, was a mine owner during Aspen's boomtown years who worked to improve mine safety. Mansor Elisha, its other titular owner, was an accidental owner of the Hotel Jerome who later became mayor. Since those times it has remained intact.
Charley's Aunt is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Al Christie and starring Charles Ruggles, June Collyer and Hugh Williams. It was an adaptation of the play Charley's Aunt by Brandon Thomas. It marked the film debut of Williams, who then returned to Britain and became a major star.
Grevillea scabrida is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to an area in the north eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. The shrub typically grows to a height of 0.6 to 1.5 metres (2.0 to 4.9 ft) and has non-glaucous branchlets. It has simple, flat, linear and undissected leaves with a blade that is 16 to 60 millimetres (0.63 to 2.36 in) long and 0.5 to 1.6 mm (0.02 to 0.06 in) wide. It blooms in July and produces an axillary or terminal raceme irregular inflorescence with green, white or yellow flowers and white or pink styles. Later it forms ribbed or ridges ellipsoidal simple hairy fruit that is 9 to 11.5 mm (0.4 to 0.5 in) long. It will regenerate from seed only. It is similar to Grevillea lissopleura but has districtive red angular branchlets. G. scabrida is found amongst the tall to ow trees in scrubland and will grow in gravelly, loamy or clay soils. It is also found on ironstone plains preferring winter wet areas. The plant is only found Mount Singleton to Mount Gibson area between Wubin and Paynes Find, Western Australia.
Stockton High School, or SHS, is a public four-year high school located at 540 North Rush Street in Stockton, Illinois, a village in Jo Daviess County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States. SHS serves the community and surrounding areas of Stockton. The campus is located 42 miles southeast of Dubuque, Iowa and 51 miles west of Rockford, Illinois, and serves a mixed village and rural residential community.
Abgol (Persian: ابگل‎‎, also Romanized as Ābgol and Abgel) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,579, in 356 families.
Hymn of the Nations, originally titled Arturo Toscanini: Hymn of the Nations, is a 1944 film directed by Alexander Hammid, which features the Inno delle nazioni, a patriotic work for tenor soloist, chorus, and orchestra, composed by Italian opera composer Giuseppe Verdi in the early-1860s. For this musical work, Verdi utilized the national anthems of several European nations. In December 1943, Arturo Toscanini filmed a performance of this music for inclusion in an Office of War Information documentary about the role of Italian-Americans in aiding the Allies during World War II. Toscanini added a bridge passage to include arrangements of \"The Star Spangled Banner\" for the United States and \"The Internationale\" for the Soviet Union and the Italian partisans. Joining Toscanini in the filmed performance in NBC Studio 8-H, were tenor Jan Peerce, the Westminster Choir, and the NBC Symphony Orchestra. The film also included the overture to Verdi's opera La Forza del Destino. The narration was written by May Sarton, film editing by Boris Kaufman, and narration read by actor Burgess Meredith. The original version was released on VHS by Blackhawk Films, which retitled it Arturo Toscanini Conducts Giuseppe Verdi. A newly restored version by the Library of Congress, with the Meredith narration, has been issued on DVD. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
Barfield, Inc. is an aircraft maintenance company with a concentration in repair overhaul and support. Its services include component repair and overhaul, ground support test equipment, and airline service programs. Barfield's business concentration includes support programs for regional and longer haul airlines, comprising narrow and wide body fleets, and also manufactures and distributes a full line of ground support test equipment. Among its other capabilities, the company manages a distribution network for OEMs.
The Force Behind the Power is a 1991 album, released by Diana Ross on the Motown label. Its first single, \"When You Tell Me That You Love Me\" became an international hit, reaching #2 in the U.K., #4 in The Netherlands, #4 in Zimbabwe and #6 in Norway as well as making the Top 40 R&B and Adult Contemporary charts in the United States. In the UK the album certified platinum for sales exceeding 300,000 copies. It yielded five UK top 40 hits, including \"One Shining Moment\" (UK #10), \"If We Hold on Together\" (#11), \"Heart (Don't change my mind)\" (#31, also another top 10 single in Zimbabwe) and the title track (#27). \"You're Gonna Love it\" reached #24 on the US dance charts as well as charting just outside the top 10 (11) in Zimbabwe, and \"Battlefield\" became a top 40 it in Poland. The album also went Gold in Japan and various European territories. \"If We Hold on Together\" was from Don Bluth's 1988 animated adventure film The Land Before Time. It rose to prominence after released as a single worldwide in 1989 (most prominently in Japan in 1990, after it was used as the theme song for the TBS drama Omoide ni Kawaru Made). It reached #1 on the Japanese International single charts for 12 contiguous weeks making it the biggest selling record by a foreign artist; and in total, sold over 465,000 copies. The international edition of The Force Behind the Power has two additional tracks, \"No Matter What You Do,\" a Top 5 R&B duet with Al B. Sure!, as well as \"You And I\". The album was successful enough internationally that Ross' \"Here and Now\" World Tour lasted nearly 2 years, often hitting markets twice.
Hiland Park is the name given to a 32.14-acre (130,100 m2) micro-township in Kolkata, India. It is situated in Chak Garia on Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.The micro township features a Residential Complex, which includes a number of recreational facilities, Shopping Mall and a Social Club called 'The County'. The Residential complex has 9 building towers. The towers are named Peak (28 floors, 86 metres (282 ft)), Cape (24 floors, 74 metres (243 ft)), Brook (24 floors, 74 metres (243 ft)), Fjord (21 floors, 65 metres (213 ft)), Bay (21 floors, 65 metres (213 ft)), Glen (18 floors, 56 metres (184 ft)), Isle (18 floors, 56 metres (184 ft)), Ridge (18 floors, 56 metres (184 ft)) and Loch (18 floors, 56 metres (184 ft)). Peak was the tallest residential building in the city until 2007 when South City Towers topped at 117 metres (384 ft). There are a total of 941 residential units comprising standard apartments, duplex and penthouses. \"Hiland Park\" is one of the most important landmarks along Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.The Shopping Mall named 'Metropolis Mall' has a total area of 175,000 square feet (16,258 m2).
Rodgersia podophylla (syn. Astilbe podophylla Franch.) is a plant in the Saxifragaceae family native to Asia. It is extensively grown for ornamental use in gardens where it prefers damp shady positions on neutral to acid soils.
Feel Free is the second solo album by Mike Peters. It was released on compact disc only. The single Shine On was included on the album as \"Shine On (113th Dream)\".
Amirabad-e Shorka (Persian: اميرابادشركا‎‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Shorkā; also known as Amīrābād and Chāh Najjār) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Gorz (Persian: گرز‎‎) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 188, in 40 families.
The Morning Lasted All Day: A Retrospective is a compilation album released by The Dream Academy in 2014. It is the band's second compilation album, following the Japan-only release of Somewhere in the Sun... Best of the Dream Academy in 2000. While the latter album was assembled without input from the band, The Morning Lasted All Day was compiled, annotated, and remastered by lead singer Nick Laird-Clowes. Of the album's 24 tracks, 6 were previously unreleased. These include the instrumental version of \"Power to Believe\" selected by John Hughes for use in Planes, Trains and Automobiles and \"Sunrising\", the first song recorded by the band since 1990. Also included are two songs (\"Living in a War\" and \"The Chosen Few\") featuring guitar by David Gilmour, who co-produced two of the band's three studio albums.
The Old Lock Pump House on the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal was one of the first National Historic Landmarks to recognize an engineering achievement rather than an important building or a place associated with an historic event. The pump house, whose first element was built in 1837, preserves a feature of the old canal, which relied on locks and pumps to move vessels over the low divide of the Delmarva Peninsula between Chesapeake Bay and Delaware Bay. Because there are no large rivers on the peninsula, water had to be pumped uphill to fill the upper canal and locks. When the canal was cut deeper in the twentieth century, such measures were no longer required, and the pump house is one of the last relics of the old canal.
Iivari (Ivar) Rötkö, born 26 January 1893, died 1957, was a Finnish long-distance runner. He was the holder of the 25,000 meter run world record and the 1926 best year performance in marathon.
Rosko [ˈrɔskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wieleń, 18 km (11 mi) west of Czarnków, and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 1,450.
Erland & the Carnival is the debut, self-titled album by experimental folk project Erland and the Carnival. The album was released on Full Time Hobby Records in January 2010. It was highly acclaimed critically, and according to the BBC, the band has \"taken various bits of existing poetry, lyrics, folk tales and songs, and melded them [into] a collection of engaging, swirling tracks and stories that sound like the soundtrack to a creepy, dreamy funfair.\"
Rayakuduru is a village which comes under Veeravasaram Mandal, West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India. During Kakatiya's ruling village initial name was SundaraPuram(it was derived from Lord sundareswara swamy i.e. from lingakar sivalingam) later it changed to Rayakuduru. The population of this village is more than 10,000. (As per 2001 census). The Goddess of the village is Mavullamma sisters. The main crops in this village are rice and fish. The area is around in 2000 hectares. At one time this village used to be a guest place for Raja sri krishna deve rayalu that is why this place was named as Rayal uduru which means rayal's nivas. Later this changed to Rayakuduru. In this village library established in the year of 1894 with the name of Sujanananda Crandhalayam.
Fuzzy Door Productions or The Spotted Door is the production company of television producer Seth MacFarlane. The company's productions include the animated series Family Guy, American Dad! and the Family Guy spin-off The Cleveland Show, as well as the live-action sitcom The Winner and the science documentary series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey. The name of the company comes from the leopard-printed fake fur-covered door to the house MacFarlane lived in when he was attending Rhode Island School of Design as an undergraduate in animation. The house itself also went by the nickname The Fuzzy Door during MacFarlane's residence and was the location of many \"Fuzzy Door\" parties. The company was established in 1996. The Fuzzy Door Productions logo was designed by Cory Brookes, a friend and housemate of Seth's at the Fuzzy Door residence.
Mazraeh-ye Labrud (Persian: مزرعه لبرود‎‎, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Labrūd) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 5 families.
The Diversion Dam and Deer Flat Embankments is the collective name given in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places program to a set of three dams near Boise and Nampa, Idaho. The dams are components of the United States Bureau of Reclamation's Boise Project, and were designed to provide irrigation water to 500,000 acres (200,000 ha) of Idaho farmland in conjunction with the New York Canal. The Diversion Dam also provides hydroelectric generation capacity. The dams were listed on the National Register in 1976. The three dams that make up the Diversion Dam and Deer Flat Embankments are: \n* Boise River Diversion Dam \n* Deer Flat Upper Embankment \n* Deer Flat Lower Embankment
Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Now) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 380, in 91 families.
Signavio is a Berlin- and Silicon Valley-based software vendor in the Business Process Management (BPM) space. Its main product, the Signavio Process Editor is a web-based business process modeling tool, which was launched in May 2009. The product enables the creation of process diagrams using the Business Process Model and Notation and it is available as Software as a Service (SaaS) and for On-Premises installations.
Yo Protesto is the first album from Puerto Rican folk singer Roy Brown. The album was initially released under the small label Vanguardia, but was later released by Disco Libre, a label owned by the Puerto Rican Socialist Party.
Ericameria obovata (Rydberg's goldenbush) is a North American species of flowering shrubs in the daisy family. It has been found only in the State of Utah in the western United States. Ericameria obovata is a shrub up to 40 cm (16 inches) tall. It has obovate to spatulate leaves up to 30 mm (1.2 inches) long. Flower heads are yellow, usually in clumps of 2 or 3, each head containing both disc florets and ray florets.
Banksia ashbyi subsp. boreoscaia is a recently recognised subspecies of Banksia ashbyi. It is the lignotuberous form of the species, and occurs along the north-west coast of Western Australia, between Carnarvon and North West Cape.
Pearu Jakob Ojamae (born 11 January 1994) is a male Estonian recurve archer. He competed at the recurve individual and team event at the 2013 World Archery Championships. He also competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Uthaug is a village in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the south shore of the Bjugnfjorden about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the village of Opphaug, about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the town of Brekstad, and about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the Kjeungskjær lighthouse. Ørland Airport lies just south of the village. The 0.37-square-kilometre (91-acre) village has a population (2013) of 442. This gives the village a population density of 1,195 inhabitants per square kilometre (3,100/sq mi). Uthaug is home to fish processing and concrete manufacturing industries. It also has a good harbor with a breakwater. The Uthaugsgården museum is an old preserved trading post that is located in the village.
Life Begins at Midnight (Spanish:La vida empieza a medianoche ) is a 1944 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Juan de Orduña and starring Marta Santaolalla, Armando Calvo and Julia Lajos. The movie is based on the novel written by Luisa-Maria Linares.
Shahrak-e Danesh (Persian: شهرك دانش‎‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Dānesh; also known as Dānesh, Shādābād, and Shāhābād) is a village in Danesh Rural District, Central District, Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,228, in 1,067 families.
Donbasenergo (Ukrainian: Донбасенерго) is a regional power generation company operating in the eastern part of Ukraine. The company was established in 1995 as a result of restructuring of the Ukrainian power sector. It owns and operates power stations in Slovyansk (880 MW) and Starobesheve (1,685 MW), Donetsk Oblast. The total installed capacity of the company is 2,820 MW and it has 4.6% market share of the Ukrainian electricity market and 11.6% share of the Ukrainian heat market. The major shareholder of Donbasenergo is Energoinvest Holding with 60.773% of shares. The state holding Energy Company of Ukraine owns 25% of shares. It is listed at the PFTS Ukraine Stock Exchange.
Fitzgerald Senior High School is a public high school located in Warren, Michigan in the United States. The school is part of Fitzgerald Public Schools, and is located at 9 Mile and Ryan. The school colors are blue and gold, and the school mascot is the Spartans. Fitzgerald is ranked the third most diverse school in Michigan, with over 40 different cultures and ethnicities. Fitzgerald High School had 910 students enrolled for the 2012-13 school year.
Celcius a compilation album by rapper Tech N9ne, it was released by Midwestside Records after Tech N9ne parted ways with the label. It contains a collection of songs he had previously recorded while still with the label, most unreleased until this point, though it also contains 3 songs where Tech does not appear. \"He Wanna Be Paid\" had previously been released on the 0 to 60 Records compilation Midwest Mobbin under the title \"Get Yo Paper\". \"Boss Doggs\" is a remix of the song \"Boss Doggin\" from the 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians' album My Dogs For Life while \"Sprung\" makes an appearance after appearing on the Live From The Ghetto compilation where it appeared under the title of \"Blank Zone\", a misspelling of the actual name, \"Biank Zone.\" \"Be Warned\" was a title track to his 2000 album that got shelved.
İsmetpaşa is a village in Mahmudiye District of Eskişehir Province, Turkey. At 39°28′N 30°53′E﻿ / ﻿39.467°N 30.883°E it is situated in the high plains of Central Anatolia. Distance to Mahmudiye is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and to Eskişehir is 50 kilometres (31 mi). The population of İsmetpaşa was 1356. as of 2012. The original population of the town was composed of migrants from Razgrad of modern Bulgaria in 1920s and the town is named after İsmet İnönü the second president of Turkish Republic who won two decissive battles in Eskişehir Province during the Turkish War of Independence.
Centerville Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Centerville in Allegany County, New York. It was completed in 1859 and is a 2-story, three-by-three-bay Greek Revival style former Presbyterian church building. It has a large, 1-story horse / carriage house wing at the rear. The building was used as a Grange hall from 1909 to 1927, after which it became the town hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Patiala School for the Deaf-blind is a special school for deaf-blind children, or multiple disabilities, in Patiala city of Panjab. Society for Welfare of the Handicapped started the school in 2011. The school is the 3rd of its kind in India.
Barany [baˈranɨ] (German: Barannen (1938-45:Keipern)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Ełk and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
Witchcraft is the first in a series of horror thriller films. The film was directed by Rob Spera from a screenplay written by Jody Savin. The film starred Anat Topol, Gary Sloan, Mary Shelley, Elizabeth Stocton, Deborah Scott, Alexander Kirkwood, Lee Kissman, and Ross Newton. The film was released on video in 1988, and re-released October 15, 1997, on DVD.
Bismark Convoy Smashed! is a 1943 Australian documentary film about the Battle of the Bismark Sea on 2–3 March resutling in the destruction of 22 Japanese ships, their crews and 15,000 soldiers. It was also known as Battle of the Bismark Sea. It used footage shot by Damien Parer.
2D Entertainment is an Indian film production and distribution company established by Suriya, son of actor Sivakumar. Key people involved are Suriya's younger brother Karthi and wife Jyothika. The company was named by the starting letter of Suriya's children Diya and Dev.
Oggi ti amo di più is an album by Italian singer Mina, issued in 1988. The album includes new recordings of the classic \"Il cielo in una stanza\" and \"E se domani\".
Kazuhiro Kokubo (國母 和宏 Kokubo Kazuhiro, born August 16, 1988) is a Japanese snowboarder who has won multiple medals in international events, including consecutive golds in US Open Halfpipe in 2010 and 2011. He competed at the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics and 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, representing Japan.
Tianmen (simplified Chinese: 天门; traditional Chinese: 天門; pinyin: Tiānmén; literally: \"sky gate\") is a sub-prefecture-level city(or:county-level city in some ways) in central Hubei Province, People's Republic of China. It is on the Jianghan Plain,on the west side of Wuhan （the biggest city of Central China,as well as the capital of Hubei）and the east of Jingzhou(a famous city in Chinese history). Formerly known as Jingling (竟陵), it was renamed to Tianmen in 1726 during the Qing dynasty. The name comes from the Sky Gate Mountains（mean to “tianmen”in Chinese） which lie northwest of the city. It is the hometown of Lu Yu, the writer of The Classic of Tea,who is respected as \"the Sage of Tea\" for his contribution to the tea culture.Tianmen has the largest population among the same level cities in Central China.It was honoured \"National Civilized City\"by Chinese government in 2014.
Mimisal (Tamil:  மிமிசல்) is a coastal village in the Avadaiyarkoil revenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India Karukkakurichi, the place of find of a treasure trove of more than 500 imperial Roman gold and silver coins, the largest ever recorded from a single hoard deserves notice in the context of the early history of the district. This place lies in Alangudi taluk, with in a short distance north of Aranthangi and the adjoining old ports of Mimisal and Saliyur in the same area and Tondi further south. The site of find would mark an important Indo-Roman trading centre, through which the inland trade route ran between the western and eastern ports during that time.
Walthamstow is the debut album by East 17. The album entered the charts at number 1 on 27 February 1993, and contained three UK Top 10 singles, including their debut single \"House of Love\", released in 1992 - with two different music videos (#10), third single \"Deep\" (#5), and fifth single \"It's Alright\" (#3). The album was shortlisted for the 1993 Mercury Prize and was certified as Platinum in the UK.
Lopesi Faagu (born 8 April 1960) is a weightlifter from American Samoa. Faagu competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the light-heavyweight class, he finished 18th out of the 22 starters.
In Concert is a live album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell. It was recorded at the Victoriaville Festival in Quebec, Canada and released that same year on October 21, 1991 by Victo Records. The album features Burrell's long-time jazz collaborator David Murray on reed instruments and has been noted that \"their influence is profound and wide-reaching\" on this album.
Myrica esculenta is a small tree or large shrub native to the hills of northern India and Nepal. Its common names include Box myrtle, Bayberry, Kaphal (local name in India and Nepal).
It's Spooky is a collaboration album by musicians Daniel Johnston and Jad Fair, of the band Half Japanese. It was first released in 1989 on 50 Skidillion Watts Records, under the title Jad Fair and Daniel Johnston. It was re-issued on CD in 1993 on Paperhouse (PAPCD 019). The album originally featured 25 songs (in its cassette version--fewer songs on the simultaneous LP), and a further six tracks were added for a re-release in 2001. The 2001 re-issue also features, as an enhanced CD bonus, video footage of Daniel Johnston performing a version of his song \"Don't Play Cards with Satan\". Although receiving praise from critics and fans alike, the record was commercially overlooked. Both Johnston and Fair play the majority of instruments, including vocals, guitars, piano, keyboards and drums.
The Lady and the Highwayman is a 1989 United Kingdom romantic adventure TV movie based on Barbara Cartland's romance novel Cupid Rides Pillion. The working title of the film was Dangerous Love. The film stars Hugh Grant (in one of his earliest appearances) as highwayman Silver Blade and Lysette Anthony as Lady Panthea Vyne. The film is a swashbuckling tale of romance, jealousy and betrayal set in England during the Restoration of Charles II with (Michael York) as King Charles II of England. Emma Samms as the notorious Lady Castlemaine and Oliver Reed are supported by guest appearances by Robert Morley and John Mills. The beautifully done period costumes and beautiful settings are one of the best features of the film. The program music aids in this spirited romp through a bit of England's history. The Lady Castlemaine of the film, whose vendetta against Lady Panthea Vyne is the 'meat' of the film, is based on the life of Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland, one of King Charles II's mistresses, who mothered several children by the King. She had many notable descendants, including Diana, Princess of Wales and Sir Anthony Eden, British Prime Minister from 1955-1957.
Lewis Highsmith Farm, also known as Sweet Liberty, is a historic home and farm complex located near Harrells, Sampson County, North Carolina. The house was built about 1840, and is a large two-story, double pile, Federal style frame dwelling with a gable roof. The front facade features a full-width, two-tier front porch. The interior follows a hall-and-parlor plan. Also on the property are the contributing log smokehouse, the former kitchen, the gable roofed barn, and a nearby cluster of four tobacco barns. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Rah Sefid (Persian: راه سفيد‎‎, also Romanized as Rāh Sefīd) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 26 families.
Ni Xiaoli (born 29 January 1983) is a Chinese sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres. She won the silver medal at the 2002 Asian Games and the bronze medal at the 2005 Asian Championships. Her personal best time is 23.12 seconds, achieved in September 2004 in Hefei.
Gordejki [ɡɔrˈdɛi̯ki] (German: Gordeiken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Olecko and 129 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
Alive, 1990 is a recording from the Curved Air reunion concert 23 September 1990. The lineup reunited Sonja Kristina, Francis Monkman, Florian Pilkington-Miksa and Darryl Way, sixteen years after the last time all four of them played together. Aside from the ambient introductory piece \"Twenty Years On\", all the material was taken from Curved Air's first three albums, with a particular emphasis on the debut album. Most of the running time is devoted to songs from the debut album. The introductory track, \"Twenty Years On\", was taken from an audience recording on a mono cassette recorder, and hence is of exceptionally poor sound quality. Since the album was compiled chiefly for fans of the group, it was decided that it would be better to include a low-quality recording of the intro than none at all.
TABC, as it is commonly known, is run by the Rosh HaYeshiva, Rabbi Yosef Adler (who is also the Rabbi of Congregation Rinat Yisrael in Teaneck), and the Principal, Arthur J. Poleyeff. Rabbi Ezra Wiener is the Mashgiach Ruchani (religious life guidance counselor) and Head of School, Rabbi Asher Yablok. As of the 2014-15 school year, the school had an enrollment of 315 students and 32.8 classroom teachers (on a FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.6:1. In 2005, the school was accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
Eugène Jacob de Cordemoy was a French physician and botanist born 1835 in Saint-André, Réunion who died on 25 April 1911 in Hellbourg, Salazie, Réunion. He had a particular interest in orchids, continuing the work of Charles Frappier. He is the author of Flore de l'île de la Réunion (English: Flora of the island of Réunion) published in 1895. He also studied birds.
Rolling Stoned is the debut studio album by American rapper Smoke DZA. The album was released on August 30, 2011, by iH2D and iHipHop Distribution. The album features guest appearances from Bun B, Big K.R.I.T., Kendrick Lamar, ASAP Rocky, Fiend, Den10, Dom Kennedy, Trademark da Skydiver, Schoolboy Q, Big Sant and Currensy.
All The People Are Talkin' is the fifth studio album by country artist John Anderson. It was released in 1983 under Warner Bros. Records. Singles from it include the Number One country hit \"Black Sheep\" and \"Let Somebody Else Drive\".
AlliedSignal was an American aerospace, automotive and engineering company created through the 1985 merger of Allied Corp. and Signal Companies. It subsequently purchased Honeywell for $15 billion in 1999, and thereafter adopted the Honeywell name and identity.
Sacred Microdistillery was established in London in 2009; it is the only vacuum distillery in London. Sacred Microdistillery was launched by Ian Hart and Hilary Whitney, initially as a pure gin distillery, but this has now branched out into vodkas, such as Sacred London Dry Vodka, produced using the same process. Also now produced are three vermouths using English wine and an English alternative to Campari - Rosehip Cup. The distillery started on a small scale, and personally delivered stock to local bars and restaurants on London's tubes and buses. Sacred Microdistillery is based on a residential street in North London. It distributes its products to many bars, restaurants and independent spirits merchants in London and worldwide. This includes Duke's Bar in St James's, London, where Ian Fleming invented the Vesper cocktail, and Gerry's of Old Compton Street. Sacred Gin came first in its category in the 2009 Ginmasters competition, which is a blind tasting competition organised by The Spirits Business magazine. Subsequently, Sacred London Dry Vodka and Sacred Organic Vodka both won gold in the 2010 Global Vodka Masters competition, organised by the same publication. In 2010, Sacred Gin placed in the top three alongside Hendrick's and Tanqueray 10 gins in another blind tasting organised by Imbibe magazine. In 2013, Sacred Gin and Sacred Organic Gin each won Double Gold at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition. Currently, Sacred produces 16 products, including gins, vodkas, vermouths, aperitifs and bottled cocktails.
Phupu Lhamu Khatri (Nepali: फुपु लामु खत्री; born 5 October 1996) is a Nepali female judoka and Olympian. She won a gold medal for Nepal at the 2016 South Asian Games, and went on to bag the Female Player of the Year Award at the NSJF Pulsar Sports Award in the same year. Khatri has been playing for the senior team since 2012. She claimed a silver medal in Ranking Judo held in Hong Kong in 2015. In the same year, she claimed bronze in the JUA Junior Championship held in Macau. For her gold medal haul in SAG, she eased past her opponents from Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and Pakistan by ippon before beating an Indian opponent for gold. Khatri represented Nepal in the Judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Women's 63 kg category at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was defeated by Maricet Espinosa of Cuba in the round of 32. In light of her excellent performance in the South Asian Games, she was also chosen to be the flag bearer for Nepal at the 2016 Summer Olympics Parade of Nations.
Fritz Hansen, also known as Republic of Fritz Hansen, is a Danish furniture design company. Designers who have worked for Fritz Hansen include Arne Jacobsen (1902–1971), Poul Kjærholm (1929–1980), Hans J. Wegner (1914–2007) and Piet Hein (1905–1996). Fritz Hansen also collaborates with contemporary furniture architects including Hiromichi Konno, Cecilie Manz, and Kasper Salto.
Ghazaviyeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: غزاويه كوچك‎‎, also Romanized as Ghazāvīyeh-ye Kūchek, Ghazāvīyeh-ye Kuchak; also known as Ghazāvīyeh-ye Do, Ghazzawiyeh, Qal‘eh-ye Ghazāvīyeh, and Qazāvīyeh Kūchak) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 789, in 148 families.
Indigo Books & Music Inc. (TSX: IDG), usually known as \"Indigo\" and stylized \"!ndigo\", is Canada's largest book, gift and specialty toy retailer, operating stores in all ten provinces and one territory, and through a website offering a selection of books, toys, home décor, stationery and gifts. As of February 2016, the company operated 90 superstores under the banners Chapters and Indigo and 126 small format stores, under the banners Coles, Indigospirit, SmithBooks, and The Book Company. Indigo is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario and employs over 6,200 people throughout Canada. After a series of mergers and acquisitions in the Canadian bookstore industry, Indigo stands as Canada's last remaining national bookstore chain.
Veisjärve (also, simply Järve) is a village in Tarvastu Parish, Viljandi County located on the eastern shore of Lake Veisjärv, 31 km (19 miles) southeast of the town of Viljandi, 12 km (7 miles) southeast of the small borough of Mustla. Neighboring villages include Põrga, Kannuküla, Mäeküla and Kärstna. As of 2011, Veisjärve had a population of 31, a decrease from 66 in the 2000 census. Veisjärve is the birthplace of Estonian poet Hendrik Adamson (1891–1946).
Anthology is a collection of previously unreleased Rough Cutt material. The Fiddler's Studio Sessions were recorded before the band's first album was recorded. An earlier version of \"Try a Little Harder\", with Craig Goldy on guitar, was released on the KLOS 95 1/2: Rock to Riches compilation in 1983. The song \"Prowler\" was re-recorded for inclusion on Rough Cutt Live as one of 3 studio bonus tracks. \"Dreamin' Again\", \"Try a Little Harder\", \"Crank It Up\" and \"Street Gang Livin'\" were all performed live on the 'Rock Palace' TV show, taped on January 1, 1984 at the Hollywood Palace, now the Avalon Hollywood.
LREC, the International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation is a biennial conference organised by the European Language Resources Association with the support of institutions and organisations involved in Natural language processing.The series of LREC conferences was launched in Granada in 1998. Since then, LREC has become the major event on Language Resources (LRs) and Evaluation for Human Language Technologies (HLT). The aim of LREC is to provide an overview of the state-of-the-art, explore new R&D directions and emerging trends, exchange information regarding LRs and their applications, evaluation methodologies and tools, ongoing and planned activities, industrial uses and needs, requirements coming from the e-society, both with respect to policy issues and to technological and organisational ones.
Willdan Group (Willdan) is a company selling professional technical and consulting services to public agencies at all levels of government, public and private utilities, and commercial and industrial firms.The company operates offices in more than a dozen states, with its key operations in California and New York.
Bełszewo-Kolonia [bɛu̯ˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Osięciny, 12 km (7 mi) east of Radziejów, and 43 km (27 mi) south of Toruń. The village has a population of 100.
Guntupalem is a village in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. The village has a history of 200 years. The first man to come to this village was Polisetty. He was the boss for the next generation of guntupalem village. It is 280 kilometres (170 mi) from Hyderabad, the state capital of Andhra Pradesh. The route for this village from Hyderabad is via Nagarjunasagar, Macherla and Karampudi, Vinukonda and then finally Guntupalem. Another route is via Nalgonda, Miryala Guda, Piduguralla, Narasraopeta and finally Guntupalem. The village's economy is mainly based on cultivation. The main crops are rice, minuma and pesara. Further income is from milk. This village is popular with buffalos exchange business.
Bierzów [ˈbjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kobyla Góra, 11 km (7 mi) west of Ostrzeszów, and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Sumarbar (Persian: سوماربار‎‎, also Romanized as Sūmārbār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 263, in 43 families.
Baltimore (/ˈbæltᵻmɔːr/; Irish: Dún na Séad translated as the \"Fort of the Jewels\") is a village in western County Cork, Ireland. It is the main village in the parish of Rathmore and the Islands, the southernmost parish in Ireland. It is the main ferry port to Sherkin Island, Cape Clear Island and the eastern side of Roaring Water Bay (Loch Trasna) and Carbery's Hundred Isles. Although the name Baltimore is an anglicisation of the Irish Baile an Tí Mhóir meaning \"town of the big house\", the Irish-language name for Baltimore is that of the O'Driscoll castle, Dún na Séad or Dunashad (\"fort of the jewels\"). The recently restored castle is open to the public and overlooks the town. In ancient times, Dunashad was considered a sanctuary for druids and the place name is associated with Bealtaine.
Ownice [ɔvˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Ögnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słońsk, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Słońsk, 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Sulęcin, and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration and ethnically cleansed according to the post-war Potsdam Agreement. The native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
Quigley, released in the United Kingdom as Daddy Dog Day, is a 2003 family comedy film that was directed by William Byron Hillman. It was released straight to video on February 3, 2003 and stars Gary Busey, Curtis Armstrong, and Oz Perkins.
Campanula carpatica, the tussock bellflower or Carpathian harebell, is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae, native to the Carpathian Mountains of Central Europe. It is a low-growing herbaceous perennial, with long stems bearing solitary blue bell-shaped flowers. It was introduced to the Royal Botanic Garden at Kew in 1774 by Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin. Several cultivars in shades of white, blue, pink and purple, have been developed for garden use. This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Socha [ˈsɔxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Warta, 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Sieradz, and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 271.
South East Derbyshire College (S.E.D.C) was a college located in Ilkeston, Heanor and Morley. It had four campuses, Field Road, Cavendish Road Arts Centre in Ilkeston, Mundy Street in Heanor and an agricultural campus in Morley. South East Derbyshire College merged with Derby College in 2010, and two campus in Heanor and Ilkeston became a Derby College campus during the 2010 merge. The former Field Road and Cavendish Road campus were both auctioned off in 2013. The newly built campus opened in January 2014 on the grounds of the Old Magistrates Court in Ilkeston, this would serve Derby College students in January 2014.
Dehnow-e Chamran (Persian: دهنوچمران‎‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Chamrān) is a village in Shapur Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 406, in 96 families.
Shinin' On is the eighth album by Grand Funk Railroad and was released in 1974. Although not as successful as its predecessor, We're an American Band (1973), it peaked at #5 in the US and was certified gold, and its first single, a cover of \"The Loco-Motion\" topped the U.S. charts. The original cover was done in bi-visual 3-D and included the required blue and red lensed glasses to view it. A Quadraphonic mix of the album was available in the Quadraphonic 8-Track cartridge format. The title song was featured in The Simpsons' 7th season episode \"Homerpalooza\" on May 19, 1996.
The Alfred Hanson House, also known as the Hanson/McCarthy House, is a historic building located in Oelwein, Iowa, United States. Hanson was an Oelwein native who was engaged in farming before he moved back to town and became a banker. He had this house built in 1904. The two-story, frame Colonial Revival was designed by Harry E. Netcott of the Independence, Iowa architectural firm of Netcott & Donnan. Its distinctive features include a two-thirds recessed sun porch that was enclosed in 1957, a Palladian window, and an open portico on the main facade. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Exile is the first studio album by the French symphonic black metal band Anorexia Nervosa. It was released in 1997, through Season of Mist. It is notable as the band's only industrial metal album, before they became a symphonic black metal band. It is also the only album to feature Marc Zabé as one of the guitarists and Stéphane Gerbaut on vocals, as he was later replaced by R.M.S. Hreidmarr when the band decided to abandon the industrial metal.
Hakea platysperma, commonly known as the Cricket Ball Hakea or Woody Peach, is a shrub of the Proteaceae family native to south western Western Australia. It is most notable for its large woody fruit which are used in the cut flower industry, and resembling cricket balls gives the species its common name.
Moqanak (Persian: مقانك‎‎, also Romanized as Moqānak, Moghānak, Mīqānak, Mowkanak, Mukanak, and Muqanak) is a village in Chuqur Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 20 families.
Replicas Live is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in 2008 by Mortal Records and is a recording of Numan's 8 March 2008, Replicas concert at the Manchester Academy. This was the second of Numan's 'classic album' tours. The CD is an exclusive fan club release via Townsend Records. A DVD of the concert was also released.
Oceanic: Remixes & Reinterpretations is a 2004 compilation of remixes by various artists of songs from Isis' 2002 album Oceanic. The album was initially released across a series of four 12\" vinyl EPs earlier in 2004; Robotic Empire, the label in control of those original vinyl releases, made available a compilation of all four vinyl EPs in one set on July 19, 2006. Frontman Aaron Turner has stated that he was surprised by the response of the collaborators; having expected half of those contacted by the band to respond, all but two provided material for the series. The stated intent of the project was to allow further exploration of the ambient, electronic and abstract side of Isis, but to delegate it to the “more capable hands” of musicians outside the band whose work Isis admired.
Artnet.com is an art market website. It is operated by Artnet Worldwide Corporation, which has headquarters in New York, in the United States, and is owned by Artnet AG, a German public company based in Berlin and listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The company made a loss of over €3 million in 2014, part of which was due to costs and damages awarded against it by a court in France for copyright infringement.
The Pennington School is a selective, private (independent), coeducational college preparatory school for day and boarding students in sixth through twelfth grades, located in Pennington, a small community midway between New York City and Philadelphia in the northeastern United States in Mercer County, New Jersey. The Head of School is Dr. William S. Hawkey, who assumed the position in July 2014. As of the 2013-14 school year, the school had an enrollment of 486 students and 80.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 6.1:1. Pennington is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools, the New Jersey Association of Independent Schools, the Association of Delaware Valley Independent Schools, and the General Board of Higher Education and Ministry of the United Methodist Church.The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1930.
My Breakfast with Blassie is a 1983 film starring Andy Kaufman and professional wrestler \"Classy\" Freddie Blassie. It is a mostly improvised parody of the art film My Dinner with Andre and is set in a Sambo's restaurant where Kaufman and Blassie have a discussion over breakfast. Lynne Margulies, who would later become Kaufman's girlfriend, plays a role; in fact, she and Kaufman met for the first time on camera. Also featured is Bob Zmuda, who plays a nosy fan. My Breakfast with Blassie was conceived of by Linda Lautrec and Johnny Legend as a satire on My Dinner with Andre. Linda Lautrec and Andy Kaufman loosely scripted the film over several months late night on the telephone. Linda's dual role (as director and actress) was scripted as an irritating fan who requests Andy's autograph after he washes his hands.
St. Vincent Archabbey Gristmill, also known as The Gristmill, is a historic grist mill located in Unity Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1854, and is a four-story, frame structure measuring 45 feet by 40 feet. A 45 feet by 45 feet addition was built in 1883. The mill operated by steam and remains in use. It was built as part of Saint Vincent Archabbey, the first Benedictine Monastery in the United States, which opened in 1846. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Samantha Salas Solís (born December 15, 1986) is a Mexican racquetball player. Salas is current World Champion in Women's Doubles (with Paola Longoria), winning the title for a third consecutive time in 2014. She was the second Mexican woman to finish in the top 10 rankings on the women's pro tour, doing so at the end of the 2006-07 season. Salas was ranked 4th at the end of the 2013-14 Ladies Professional Racquetball Tour (LPRT) season, which was her fifth season in the top 10.
Ranniku is a village in Tõstamaa Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia. It is located just west of Tõstamaa, the administrative centre of the municipality, on the coast of Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 28 (as of 1 January 2011).
Hedeoma is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae. It is native to North and South America. They are commonly known as false pennyroyals. The genus name is derived from the Greek words ἡδύς (hedys), meaning \"sweet,\" and ὀσμή (osme), meaning \"odour\". It refers to the scent of the leaves. Hedeoma patens M.E. Jones (common name, oregano chiquito) is used by natives of northwestern Mexico to flavor various food items. Species 1.  \n*  Hedeoma acinoides Scheele – Slender false pennyroyal - Texas, Oklahoma, Coahuila 2.  \n*  Hedeoma apiculata W.S.Stewart – McKittrick's false pennyroyal - western Texas, southeastern New Mexico 3.  \n*  Hedeoma bella (Epling) R.S.Irving - Jalisco 4.  \n*  Hedeoma chihuahuensis (Henrard) B.L.Turner - Chihuahua 5.  \n*  Hedeoma ciliolata (Epling & W.S.Stewart) R.S.Irving - Gypsum false pennyroyal - Nuevo León 6.  \n*  Hedeoma costata Hemsl. – Ribbed false pennyroyal - Mexico, Guatemala, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico 7.  \n*  Hedeoma crenata R.S.Irving - Rio de Janeiro 8.  \n*  Hedeoma dentata Torr. – Dentate false pennyroyal - Arizona, Sonora, New Mexico 9.  \n*  Hedeoma diffusa Greene – Spreading (or Flagstaff) false pennyroyal - Nevada, Arizona 10.  \n*  Hedeoma drummondii Benth. – Drummond's false pennyroyal - western United States, Alabama, Mississippi, Nuevo León, Coahuila, Chihuahua, Sonora 11.  \n*  Hedeoma floribunda Standl. - Chihuahua 12.  \n*  Hedeoma hispida Pursh – Rough false pennyroyal - Canada, central + eastern United States (especially the Great Plains) 13.  \n*  Hedeoma hyssopifolia A.Gray – Aromatic false pennyroyal - northern Mexico, New Mexico, Arizona 14.  \n*  Hedeoma johnstonii R.S.Irving - Coahuila 15.  \n*  Hedeoma jucunda Greene - Durango 16.  \n*  Hedeoma mandoniana Wedd. - Peru, Bolivia, Jujuy Province of Argentina 17.  \n*  Hedeoma martirensis Moran - Baja California 18.  \n*  Hedeoma matomianum Moran - Baja California 19.  \n*  Hedeoma medium Epling - Argentina, Uruguay 20.  \n*  Hedeoma microphylla R.S.Irving - San Luis Potosí 21.  \n*  Hedeoma mollis Torr. – Softhair false pennyroyal - western Texas 22.  \n*  Hedeoma montana Brandegee - Coahuila 23.  \n*  Hedeoma multiflora Benth - Argentina, Uruguay, southern Brazil 24.  \n*  Hedeoma nana (Torr.) Briq. – Dwarf false pennyroyal - Chihuahua, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, Nevada, Mohave Desert in California 25.  \n*  Hedeoma oblatifolia Villarreal - Coahuila 26.  \n*  Hedeoma oblongifolia (A.Gray) A.Heller – Oblongleaf false pennyroyal - Chihuahua, Sonora, New Mexico, Arizona 27.  \n*  Hedeoma palmeri Hemsl. - San Luis Potosí, Nuevo León, Coahuila 28.  \n*  Hedeoma patens M.E. Jones –oregano chiquito - Chihuahua, Coahuila 29.  \n*  Hedeoma patrina W.S.Stewart - Zacatecas 30.  \n*  †Hedeoma pilosa R.S.Irving – Old blue false pennyroyal - Brewster County in Texas but apparently extinct 31.  \n*  Hedeoma piperita Benth. - Hidalgo, México State 32.  \n*  Hedeoma plicata Torr. – Veiny false pennyroyal - Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, northern Mexico 33.  \n*  Hedeoma polygalifolia Benth. - southern Brazil 34.  \n*  Hedeoma pulcherrima Wooton & Standl. – White Mountain false pennyroyal - New Mexico 35.  \n*  Hedeoma pulegioides (L.) Pers. – American false pennyroyal - eastern Canada, central + eastern United States 36.  \n*  Hedeoma pusilla (R.S.Irving) R.S.Irving - Nuevo León 37.  \n*  Hedeoma quercetora Epling - Nuevo León 38.  \n*  Hedeoma reverchonii (A.Gray) A.Gray – Reverchon's false pennyroyal - southern Great Plains (Texas, Oklahoma, western Arkansas) 39.  \n*  Hedeoma rzedowskii B.L.Turner - Aguascalientes, San Luis Potosi 40.  \n*  Hedeoma × serpyllifolia Small - Texas, New Mexico  41.  \n*  Hedeoma tenuiflora Brandegee - Baja California 42.  \n*  Hedeoma tenuipes Epling - northeastern Mexico 43.  \n*  Hedeoma todsenii R.S.Irving – Todsen's false pennyroyal - New Mexico
The Prince of Temple Street is a 1992 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Jeffrey Chiang and starring Andy Lau, Joey Wong, Deanie Ip and Ng Man-tat. Aside of portraying the titular protagonist in the film, Lau also briefly reprises his role as \"Lee Rock\", the real life-inspired protagonist from the film series of the same name.
The Indiana Governor's Residence is the official home of the family of the Governor of Indiana and is located in Indianapolis, Indiana. In use since 1973, it is the sixth official residence of Indiana's governors.
Rachel Parish (born 21 May 1981) is an English international sportswoman who won a shooting gold medal and silver medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. Before going to university, she went to Wellington College in Berkshire. Already holding a degree in Biochemistry and Genetics from The University of Nottingham from 2002, Parish then read Medicine at Southampton University, graduating as a doctor in 2007. Parish is also a keen fencer, and has captained both the Nottingham and Southampton university fencing teams. Selected for the Commonwealth Games at Melbourne in 2006, she shot in the double trap pairs competition in partnership with Charlotte Kerwood and together they took the gold medal. Rachel also won a silver medal in the double trap individuals.
Manila High School is an accredited and nationally recognized comprehensive public high school for students in grades 9 through 12 located in Manila, Arkansas, United States. Manila High School is one of six public high schools in Mississippi County and the only high school of the Manila School District. For the 2010–11 school year, the high school instructed more than 280 students with more than 23 classroom teachers employed on a full time equivalent basis.
Holy Trinity High School is a co-educational learning environment located centrally in Hicksville, Nassau County, New York on Long Island. Education is based on New York State Education Standards with a strong emphasis on Religious Studies as well. It is operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockville Centre. It is particularly well known for its Performing Arts Department and theatrical performances.
Au diable la vertu (English: To the demon virtuousness), is a French comedy film from 1954, directed by Jean Laviron, written by François Chalais, starring Henri Génès and Louis de Funès. The scenario was based on the work of Jean Guitton – \"Elle attendait ça\".
Judel Del (Persian: جودل دل‎‎, also Romanized as Jūdel Del; also known as Del Del) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 21 families.
Rejterówka [rɛi̯tɛˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łubnice, 20 km (12 mi) south of Staszów, and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 108.
The Baron is the 66th album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1981 (see 1981 in music). The title track was a top ten hit, and four singles in all - including \"Mobile Bay\", \"Reverend Mr. Black\" and \"Chattanooga City Limit Sign\" - were released, though the latter three were rather unsuccessful in the charts, peaking at No. 60, No. 71 and No. 71 respectively. Cash recorded the album with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill. Other sessions with him would be released on the 2014 album Out Among the Stars.
Guitarissimo (stylized as guitarissimo) is the debut studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter miwa. The album was released on April 6, 2011. The album was originally scheduled to release a week earlier, on March 30; however, due to the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami which happened prior to the original release date as well as its after-effects, the release date was delayed by a week.
Buchinak-e Jadid (Persian: بوچينك جديد‎‎, also Romanized as Būchīnak-e Jadīd; also known as Būchīnak, Bechīnak, Bichang, and Bichnak) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 27 families.
Jewel Thief is a 1967 spy thriller Hindi film directed by Vijay Anand. The film stars Dev Anand, Vyjayantimala and Ashok Kumar in the lead roles. It also features four bond girl-like actresses portrayed by Tanuja, Helen, Faryal and Anju Mahendru with other actors appearing in supporting roles. It was produced by Dev Anand's home production, Navketan Films, following their biggest hit in 1965 – Guide. The film became a box office hit. J.M. Barot also received the Filmfare Best Sound Award for this film. Tanuja received a Filmfare nomination as Best Supporting Actress.
Henry Boot PLC is a British construction and property development business, listed on the London Stock Exchange. It was floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1919, becoming the first ever quoted housebuilder. Between the wars, Henry Boot built more houses (public and private) than any other company.
Walk the Dog and Light the Light is the ninth studio album by Bronx-born singer, songwriter, and pianist Laura Nyro. It was released in the late summer of 1993, more than nine years after its predecessor, Mother's Spiritual. It followed Nyro's 1989 live album Laura: Live at the Bottom Line, and the atmosphere here is similarly laidback and easygoing. It was the last album of new original material that Nyro released during her lifetime, although she began recording another album in 1994, which was released in 2001 as Angel in the Dark. Walk the Dog and Light the Light received positive critical notices, and Nyro supported the album with a string of intimate dates with a harmony vocal group.
Davijan (Persian: داويجان‎‎, also Romanized as Dāvījān; also known as Dāvān) is a village in Muzaran Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,461, in 390 families.
Silverthorn is the tenth studio album by the American power metal band Kamelot. The album was released on the Steamhammer label, a division of SPV, on October 2012 worldwide. It is the first album to feature Tommy Karevik as the lead singer and their third concept album, after Epica (2003) and The Black Halo (2005). The concept and story are original, and features a 19th-century little girl named Jolee, who dies in a tragic accident witnessed by her twin brothers. The story deals with how the girl's affluent family handles the tragic event, leading to cover-ups, secrets, and betrayal. The cover by Stefan Heilemann shows Jolee, the main character and angel of afterlife, as an adult.
Shoal Creek Drive is a village in Newton County, Missouri, United States. The population was 337 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
East Granby High School is a public high school located in East Granby, Connecticut. The school has a grade range of 9-12. The total enrollment currently stands at 241. East Granby High School is the smallest public high school in Connecticut. The East Granby school district is located in north central Connecticut in close proximity to Bradley International Airport and Springfield, Massachusetts. The smallest PK-12 district in the state of Connecticut, East Granby provides a comprehensive education to 900 students in four distinctive school settings. Classified by the Connecticut State Department of Education as a town in Demographic Reference Group \"D\", East Granby performs well on state assessments at all levels. Demographic Reference Groups, or DRGs, are groups of districts with similarities in student and family background characteristics. Placement in one of the nine DRGs is based on indicators of socioeconomic status, indicators of need and enrollment. The building is connected to East Granby Middle School, and some of the teachers and classrooms are shared.
Jahan Bakhsh (Persian: جهانبخش‎‎, also Romanized as Jahān Bakhsh) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 5 families.
Cząstków [ˈt͡ʂɔ̃stkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kłodawa, 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Koło, and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 450.
Schoenoplectus pungens is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names common threesquare, common three-square bulrush and sharp club-rush. It is a herbaceous emergent plant that is widespread across much of North and South America as well as Europe, New Zealand and Australia.
Luis Barragán House and Studio, also known as Casa Luis Barragán, is the former residence of architect Luis Barragán in Miguel Hidalgo district, Mexico City. It is owned by the Fundación de Arquitectura Tapatía and the Government of the State of Jalisco. It is now a museum exhibiting Barragán's work and is also used by visiting architects. It retains the original furniture and Barragán’s personal objects. These include a mostly Mexican art collection spanning the 16th to 20th century, with works by Picasso, Diego Rivera, José Clemente Orozco, Jesús Reyes Ferreira and Miguel Covarrubias. Located in the west of Mexico City, the residence was built in 1948 after the Second World War. It reflects Barragán's design style during this period and remained his residence until his death in 1988. In 1994 it was converted into a museum, run by Barragán’s home state of Jalisco and the Arquitectura Tapatía Luis Barragán Foundation, with tours available only by appointment. In 2004, it was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO because it is one of the most influential and representative examples of modern Mexican architecture.
Mai Ratima (Hangul: 마이 라띠마; RR: Ma-i Rattima) is a 2013 South Korean film that portrays the unlikely love affair of a Korean man in his 30s living on the bottom rung of society and a mail-order bride from Thailand in her 20s. It is actor-director Yoo Ji-tae's first feature film. Yoo emphasizes the discrimination against the ever-increasing number of Southeast Asian women who come to Korea for prearranged marriages, saying he wanted to \"portray seemingly insurmountable obstacles facing people who desire to make a difference and beat the odds,\" and delve into \"the pain, desire and deficiency that love bears.\" The film won the Jury Prize (\"Lotus du Jury\") at the 2013 Deauville Asian Film Festival. It was praised by Deauville's jury president, Jérôme Clément for its sensitive handling and Yoo's keen insight as director. Clément said, \"It's astonishing that this is his first feature film. This award is presented with the hopes that this film will have a chance to be seen widely by film fans worldwide.\" Mai Ratima was released in theaters on June 6, 2013.
Głodowo [ɡwɔˈdɔvɔ] (German: Glodowen(1938-45:Spirdingshöhe)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Ruciane-Nida, 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Pisz, and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 70.
Suguna Holdings Private Limited  is an Indian multinational poultry group headquartered in Coimbatore, India. The company was started in 2008 and its involved in broiler farming, vaccines, healthcare products, feeds and educational institute for poultry. It markets and exports broiler chicken, vaccines for poultry, and healthcare products for animals. It is the largest poultry group in India.
Martin Hansen Thau (July 28, 1887 – May 8, 1979) was a Danish gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. He was part of the Danish team, which won the silver medal in the gymnastics men's team, Swedish system event.
The Lost Steps (Spanish: Los pasos perdidos) is a 2001 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Manane Rodríguez and written by Rodríguez and Xavier Bermúdez. The film features Irene Visedo, Luis Brandoni, Federico Luppi, among others.
Street Map is an EP of new studio recordings from The Innocence Mission. Limited to 5,000 copies, the release is their first since 2000's Christ Is My Hope to be sold directly though their website without the involvement of a record label. Originally intended to preview their next studio LP, an update to their website in September 2009 revealed that after further recording, the next LP \"turned out to be a mostly new group of songs, with maybe one song from Street Map.\" In March 2010, however, it was announced that no songs found on Street Map would feature on the upcoming album. My Room In The Trees was released in July. The EP also contains one previously released recording. \"A Thousand Miles\" was originally available on the charity compilation 'Evensong' in 2000. The track has been re-mastered for this release.
Wierzchowiny [vjɛʂxɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jedlińsk, 21 km (13 mi) north of Radom, and 72 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
Kančioginas − village in Lithuania, Ignalina District Municipality, Ignalina part of south, Sirvėta Regional Park edge, Utena County. 5 kilometres northwest of Ceikiniai village. Peculiar planned rural structure, valuable folk architectural complex.
Kahkaran (Persian: كهكران‎‎, also Romanized as Kahkarān; also known as Kahkarūn) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 445, in 97 families.
Eborn Books is a bookstore (selling new, used, and rare books) and book publisher located on the Wasatch Front with its main store in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
Enodden is a village in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located at the confluence of the Bua and Ena rivers, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Rognes. It is in the Budal valley and is the location of Budal Church. Enodden was the administrative center of the former municipality of Budal.
Ten Museum Park is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami, Florida, United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown, on Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. It was designed by Chad Oppenheim of Oppenheim Architecture + Design. Completed in early 2007, it opened for residential occupancy in mid-2007. The building is 585 feet (178 m) tall, and has 50 floors with only 200 units, making it an exclusive address. The building itself is designed to reflect the heat from the sun while still keeping warmth, the building is also designed to withstand 140 mph winds. It currently stands as the 13th-tallest building in Miami. Ten Museum Park contains 20,000 square feet (1,858 m²) of Class A office space, retail space on the lower floors, and residential condominium units, which occupy most of the space on the upper floors. While appearing to be a typical skyscraper with identical floorplates, the residential levels are varying. The east-facing units are interlocking lofts, providing each unit with an eastern view and either a north or south-facing view as well. Lower level west-facing units are shallow flats with large expanses of glass. Upper levels of the building contain either double-height spaces or three-floor loft arrangements. Some units feature independent soaking pools. The lower levels of Ten Museum Park hold a lifestyle development; the building notably contains a Clinique La Prairie spa, the first in the United States, as well as several high-end boutiques in its lobby. It is directly across the street from the Marquis tower. The building's grand opening occurred in February 2007; Ten Museum Park is one of the many new Miami skyscrapers that were completed and opened in the year 2007.
The True Sun is the second release by Japanese psychedelic-folk rock duo Nagisa Ni te. It was released in 1998 by Org Records as an LP. In 2000, P-Vine Records re-released this album in CD format. The True Sun is a live gig recorded at H2O Factory, Tokyo, on July 5, 1997, and includes songs which were later recorded in the studio. Takeda is much more involved than on their first album, On the Love Beach.
Lucy O'Sullivan (born 27 September 1990 in Poole) is a female British compound archer. She won the silver medal in the team event at the 2014 European Archery Championships in Echmiadzin, Armenia. She competed in the individual and team event at the 2009 World Archery Championships and 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark. She represented Jersey at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and a year later at the 2011 Island Games, where she won the gold medal in the compound head to head and a silver medal in the compound.
Indigo is the fourth studio album by American rock band Never Shout Never. It was released on November 13, 2012 by Loveway Records. The album features the band recording as a whole for the second time; the first being in Time Travel. A bonus track was made available through some media outlets and also on the limited edition cassette tape. The album debuted at number 194 on the Billboard 200.
Pueblo Viejo (Spanish for \"old village\") is a small village in the Iruya Department in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina. It is located near the village Iruya and is connected through dirt road Ruta Provincial 165-S with Campo Carreras, which is a locality of the village Rodeo Colanzulí. Pueblo Viejo is part of Finca Santiago, the first community property in Argentina. It has about 190 inhabitants (2001 census). This represents an increase of 12.5% compared to the 1991 census (168 people). The village thrives on agriculture, mainly small animal husbandry, and tourism. Furthermore there is a small handicraft business. In the center there is a school called \"Congreso de Tucumán\", a health station and a chapel which was rebuilt in the 1990s by the residents of Pueblo Viejo. According to historical records, Pueblo Viejo is the oldest village in the Iruya Department. It is assumed that the first inhabitants of the region around Iruya settled in this place.
The Internet Academy (IA or iAcademy) is a public virtual school a part of Federal Way Public Schools, approved by the Northwest Accreditation Commission and open to all students in grades K-12.Internet Academy was founded in 1996 and was the first online school in Washington state. The institution provides courses for other public schools, home-schooled students, as well as out-of-state students. Accredited diplomas, online tutors, teacher-to-student web conferencing, and online tutorial videos are also provided. There are two primary websites for Internet Academy: The main web site, which was redesigned in September 2010, provides information on the institution, including a course catalog and contact information. The support site is where student and parents log in to access courses and contact teachers within a specific course. The institution has contributed towards local and international community charities.
Echinopsis lageniformis (syn. Trichocereus bridgesii), Bolivian torch cactus, is a fast-growing columnar cactus from the high deserts of Bolivia. Among the indigenous populations of Bolivia, it is sometimes called achuma or wachuma, although these names are also applied to related species such as Echinopsis pachanoi which are also used for their psychedelic effects.
El Camino is the third studio album by American R&B/soul artist Adriana Evans, released in April 2007 under Expansion Records. The album was written and produced by Evans herself, along with music producer husband Jonathan \"Dred\" Scott. The release features 12 new tracks including the UK singles, \"Hey Now\", \"Before You\" and \"All for Love\", and the stand out ballads \"Blue Bird\" and \"Same As I Ever Was\". The album was reissued in Japan and includes extra bonus tracks.
Cosmic Voyage is a 1996 short documentary film produced in the IMAX format, directed by Bayley Silleck, produced by Jeffrey Marvin, and narrated by Morgan Freeman. The film was presented by the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum,and played in IMAX theaters worldwide. The film is available in the DVD format.
Wólka Lesiewska [ˈvulka lɛˈɕɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Biała Rawska, 10 km (6 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
Seagraves High School is a public high school located in Seagraves, Texas, United States and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is part of the Seagraves Independent School District located in north central Gaines County. In 2015, the school was rated \"Met Standard\" by the Texas Education Agency.
Beyt-e Fayil-e Yek (Persian: بيت فعيل يك‎‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e Faʿyīl-e Yek) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 18 families.
Walkover Technologies is an Indian product-based information technology company, with headquarter in Indore. Walkover is an active member of NASSCOM and IAMAI.The company is also listed in the Red Herring (magazine) top 100 Companies.
Duma is a 2005 American family drama adventure film about a young South African boy's friendship with an orphaned cheetah from a story by Carol Flint and Karen Janszen, set in the country of South Africa and based on How It Was with Dooms by Carol Cawthra Hopcraft and Xan Hopcraft. It was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, Gaylord Films and C.O.R.E., directed by Carroll Ballard (director of The Black Stallion and Fly Away Home), produced by Gaylord Films, Warner Bros., John Wells Productions, Pandora Pictures, Stacy Cohen, E.K. Gaylord II, Kristin Harms, Hunt Lowry and John Wells, written by Karen Janszen and Mark St. Germain, edited by T.M. Christopher, cinematographed by Werner Maritz with music by George Acogny and John Debney and starring Alexander Michaletos, Eamonn Walker, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis. The film was theatrically released on April 22, 2005 by Warner Bros. Pictures, Gaylord Films and C.O.R.E.. The film went on receiving very positive reviews from critics and it earned $994,790 on a $12 million budget. The film won the Family Feature Film at the Genesis Awards in 2006. The film was rated PG for mild adventure peril. Duma was released on DVD on May 16, 2006 by Warner Bros. Entertainment.
Kareh Tavi (Persian: كره تاوي‎‎, also Romanized as Kareh Tāvī and Kareh Ţāvī; also known as Kareh Tābī) is a village in Rahmat Rural District, Seyyedan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,072, in 257 families.
All Stars  is a 1997 Dutch sports comedy film drama, which was the base for the Emmy Award winning television show of the same name. Directed by Jean van de Velde. Together with Mischa Alexander he was also responsible for the script. The film premièred on 2 May 1997. The sequel Old Stars was released in 2011. In 2004, the film was remade in Britain as Things to Do Before You're 30.
Marila is a plant genus in the family Calophyllaceae. The genus comprises about 20 species, occurring in the Neotropics from Mexico and the Antilles to Bolivia. Species include: \n* Marila grandiflora \n* Marila laxiflora \n* Marila saramaccana \n* Marila spiciformis
Babin [ˈbabʲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bełżyce and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 830. A large skirmish took place near the village during the November Uprising (17 April 1831).
Jörg Freimuth (born 10 September 1961 in Rathenow, Brandenburg) is a retired East German high jumper. He won the bronze medal for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union with a jump of 2.31 metres. He retired in 1982 and started working as an electrician. Jörg is the twin brother of decathlete Uwe Freimuth.
NOMOS Glashütte is a German watchmaking company based in Glashütte, Saxony, which specializes in manual-winding and automatic mechanical watches. It was founded in January 1990, two months after the fall of the Berlin Wall, by Roland Schwertner. The designs for the first collection were drawn up by Susanne Günther, drawing influence from the Bauhaus purist style. NOMOS's designs have been widely praised for their clean and modernist aesthetic. In its early years, the company focused on manufacturing mechanical watches with hand-wound movements. The basis for the movement was, until 2005, the Swiss-made ETA SA / Peseux 7001. Annual production is approximately 20,000 pieces. Since 2005, NOMOS Glashütte has only used in-house movements.Beginning with α (Alpha), a manual winding caliber, the range has since been expanded to include a range of other manual winding movements with additional functions. The first automatic NOMOS watch, the Tangomat, was first introduced in the summer of 2006. NOMOS Glashütte has gradually expanded its range of watches to include new models and sizes, such as Ahoi and Metro. In 2013 the company introduced two gold models to its collection, Lambda and Lux. In 2014, the company unveiled its own in-house escapement, known as the NOMOS swing system. This new component is gradually being introduced into NOMOS’ caliber range, which is also being renamed. In 2015, NOMOS Glashütte introduced its tenth in-house caliber, DUW 3001. At 3.2 mm in height, this thin automatic caliber is currently exclusive to the neomatik series, launched at BaselWorld 2016.
Inulopsis is a genus of South American flowering plants in the sunflower family. Species 1.  \n*  Inulopsis camporum (Gardner) G.L.Nesom - Brazil, Bolivia 2.  \n*  Inulopsis scaposa (DC.) O.Hoffm. - Brazil, Paraguay 3.  \n*  Inulopsis stenophylla Dusén - Brazil
He obtained a red liquid by the reaction of potassium acetate with arsenic trioxide. This liquid is known as Cadet's fuming liquid and contains the two compounds cacodyl and cacodyl oxide. Cadet studied at the Collège des Quatre-Nations and became a pharmacist at the Hotel Royal des Invalides in Paris.He was the brother of the pharmacist Antoine-Alexis Cadet de Vaux. Marie Thérèse Françoise Boisselet became his wife in 1771, at that time her son, fathered by Louis XV, was two years old. The boy was adopted by Cadet as Charles-Louis Cadet.
This release contains three electronic remixes of \"You're My Heart\" by Toronto remixers/producers Pilotpriest, Mansion and CCENTURIESS. It is the second release from Canadian indie rock band Lioness (band). It was released on April 7, 2009 by New Romantic Music.
Montreal Parade is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dave Rempis, which was recorded in 2010 and released on 482 Music. It was the fifth recording by The Rempis Percussion Quartet, the first with Ingebrigt Håker Flaten replacing former bassist Anton Hatwich.
Sansevieria kirkii, also known as star sansevieria, is a succulent plant native to Africa. The flower of S. kirkii is greenish-white, scented, and has a conical inflorescence. \n* S. kirkii flowers
The Single Factor, released in 1982, is the ninth studio album by English progressive rock band Camel. The title refers to the fact that guitarist Andy Latimer was the sole remaining original member, though original keyboardist Peter Bardens makes a guest appearance on 'Sasquatch'. The album was essentially a contractual obligation album, created under pressure from Decca Records to produce a hit single, and the \"made-to-order\" nature of its composition resulted in a selection of songs which can be described as \"odd\". Unlike previous Camel albums, all the songs were around 3–4 minutes. The album was reissued on 8 September 2009 by Esoteric Recordings with a bonus version of \"You Are the One\".
Love's Dying Wish is the second full-length studio album by Tony Harnell led heavy metal band Starbreaker, released on August 1, 2008. It is the follow-up to their self-titled debut album from 2005. The line-up on this album is the same except Jonni Lightfoot who replaced Fabrizio Grossi on bass. Tony Harnell has stated in an interview that \"the album is a lot more aggressive than the first one\".
The Shell Game is an album by saxophonist Tim Berne with Craig Taborn and Tom Rainey which was recorded in 2000 in Denmark and Sweden and released on the Thirsty Ear label.
Bicycle Thieves is a 2013 Malayalam comedy thriller film written & directed by Jis Joy . It stars Asif Ali in the lead role alongside Aparna Gopinath with Salim Kumar, Saiju Kurup, K. P. A. C. Lalitha, Aju Varghese, Sunil Sukhada and Siddique in other pivotal roles. The film also features Sai Kumar and Devan. It received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
Mohammadabad-e Chah-e Malek (Persian: محمدابادچاه ملك‎‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Chāh-e Malek; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 246, in 46 families.
SSMVHS School, also known as Seethi Sahib Memorial Vocational Higher Secondary School, formerly known as Edakazhiyoor SSMF VHSS, Edakazhiyoor, is a school for boys and girls located at Edakkazhiyoor in Chavakkad Taluk, Thrissur District, Kerala. It is the first school in the coastal area of Chavakkad and Punnayoor Panchayath.
Songs of the Free is the third studio album by Gang of Four, released in 1982. In 1996, Infinite Zero Archive/American Recordings label issued it on CD, with two bonus tracks, and with a slightly changed song order (swapping the positions of \"Muscle for Brains\" and \"We Live as We Dream, Alone\"), and mistitling \"I Love a Man in a Uniform\" as \"I Love a Man in Uniform.\" EMI reissued the album on CD in 2008 with the original song order and no bonus tracks. Pitchfork Media listed Songs of the Free as 99th best album of the 1980s. Rhino Records re-released Songs of the Free in Limited edition of 6,250 on 180-gram blue, purple, and yellow splattered vinyl for Black Friday Record Store Day 2015.
Regency Enterprises (commonly referred to as Regency onscreen) is an American entertainment company formed by Arnon Milchan. It was founded in 1982 as Embassy International Pictures, but the company name changed to not be confused with Norman Lear's Embassy Pictures (known from 1975 to 1982 as Avco Embassy Pictures).
Pernigotti is an Italian manufacturer of chocolate (its speciality is the production of high quality Gianduiotto, a chocolate-hazelnuts based), nougats, Easter eggs and ice creams. It is one of the oldest and most traditional manufacturers of chocolate and nougat candy in Italy, founded in 1860 in the town of Novi Ligure, Piedmont. In 2013 it was sold to the Toksoz company of Istanbul.
Lophozonia cunninghamii, the myrtle beech, is an evergreen tree native to Tasmania and Victoria, Australia. It grows mainly in the temperate rainforests, but also grows in alpine areas. It is not related to the Myrtle family. It is often referred to as Tasmanian myrtle within the timber industry. L. cunninghamii was known as Nothofagus cunninghamii prior to 2013. The change in name from Nothofagus to Lophozonia is controversial and does not need to be accepted. These plants range from trees 30–40 m (98–131 ft) tall with large trunks to low-growing alpine shrubs less than 1 m tall. Maximum height is about 55 m (180 ft). The leaves are simple and alternate, growing 0.5–1.5 cm (0.2–0.6 in) long, and in Victoria up to 2 cm (0.8 in) long. The leaf color is dark green, with new growth brilliant red, pink or orange in spring. They are triangular with irregular minute teeth. The plants have separate male and female flowers on the same tree. These flower form inconspicuous clusters beside leaves near the tips of the branches. The fruit is small (about 6 mm (0.24 in)) and woody and contains three small winged nuts. Occasionally one may see round, orange-like fruiting bodies of a fungus protruding from the trunk; this is Cyttaria gunnii.
3-D is the debut studio album by American band I See Stars. The album debuted at number 176 on the Billboard 200, number 5 on Top Heatseekers, and number 22 on Top Independent Albums. The songs \"Save the Cheerleader, Save the World\" and \"The Big Bad Wolf\" were both re-recorded from their first EP, Green Light Go!. The singles \"The Common Hours\", \"3-D\" and \"Where the Sidewalk Ends\", were also re-recorded, having been previously released as demos. All of the band members were under the age of 20 by the time the album was recorded, the oldest being rhythm guitarist Jimmy Gregerson at 19.
Horrible Bosses 2 is a 2014 American black comedy film directed by Sean Anders and written by Anders and John Morris. A sequel to 2011's Horrible Bosses, the film stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day, Jason Sudeikis, Jennifer Aniston, Jamie Foxx, Chris Pine, and Christoph Waltz. It was released on November 26, 2014 by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed over $107 million worldwide.
Madeley Academy (formerly Madeley Court School) is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Madeley in the English county of Shropshire. Previously a community school administered by Telford and Wrekin Council, Madeley Court School converted to academy status in April 2007 and was renamed Madeley Academy. The school relocated from its previous site on Court Street to a new campus on Castlefields Way in 2009. Madeley Academy offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils, while students in the sixth form have the option to study from a range of A-levels and further BTECs. The school also has a specialism in sports.
Naturally Fresh, Inc. was founded in 1966 as Eastern Foods by Robert H. Brooks the founder of Hooters of America to sell coffee and cream to the airline industry. It is currently one of the largest manufacturers of sauces and salad dressings in the United States. The company also manufactures dressings, sauces and dips for a number of different restaurants and institutions, including Hooters. In 1980, Eastern Foods launched the Naturally Fresh brand and 2002 the company name was changed to reflect the brand. In 2003, Robert retired and named his son Coby G. Brooks President and CEO. After Robert's death in 2006, Coby gained a controlling, but not majority, interest in Hooters and Naturally Fresh, Inc. This left him embroiled in a dispute with his father's widow Tami over distribution of the father's estate as Robert left in his will 30% of his estate to Coby, 30% to his underage daughter Boni Bell, 10% to Clemson University, and 30% to other family members. Tami was bequeathed $1 million per year for 20 years. However she sued the estate for the ⅓ share of the estate that would be due her under South Carolina's elective share law. In 2009 Coby and Tami settled for an undisclosed amount, but that settlement has forced Coby to seek outside investors. Naturally Fresh was purchased in 2012 by TreeHouse Foods.
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan (Perempuan) Sri Aman or also known as SMK (P) Sri Aman, is an elite Malaysian girls' secondary school. It was recently awarded the title Cluster School of Excellence by the Malaysian Ministry of Education. Recently, Sri Aman was announced as one of the top 100 schools in Malaysia by the Malaysian Ministry of Education, thus receiving the title 'High Performance School'. The school was chosen from schools that showed outstanding performance in the following fields : academics, co-curricular activities and niche areas.
Ee Lokam Evide Kure Manushyar is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by PG Vishwambharan and produced by Sajan. The film stars Jayabharathi, Mammootty, Innocent and Thilakan in important roles. The film had musical score by Shyam. The film has Bollywood actor Amjad Khan in lead role.
Dartut-e Sayyadi (Persian: دارتوت صيادي‎‎, also Romanized as Dārtūt-e Şayyādī; also known as Dārtūt, Dar Tūt-e ‘Abdī, Eyvānī, and Hāji ‘Ali) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Konjum Salangai (English: Enticing Anklets) is a 1962 Indian Tamil-language musical film directed by M. V. Raman. The film features Gemini Ganesan, Savitri, R. S. Manohar and Kumari Kamala in lead roles. The film, had musical score by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu and was released on 1962. The film was dubbed into Telugu as Muripinche Muvvalu. This film was the first Tamil film to be fully taken in Technicolor.
Megalachne is a genus of Chilean plants in the grass family, found only on the Juan Fernández Islands in the Pacific Ocean, part of the Republic of Chile. Species 1.  \n*  Megalachne berteroniana Steud.   2.  \n*  Megalachne masafuerana (Pilg.) Mattheiformerly included see Eriachne \n* Megalachne zeylanica - syn of Eriachne triseta
Rig Jub (Persian: ريگ جوب‎‎, also Romanized as Rīg Jūb and Rīgjūb) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 20 families.
Sowno [ˈsɔvnɔ] (German: Zowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Płoty, 13 km (8 mi) south of Gryfice, and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Parasyte: Part 2 (Japanese: 寄生獣 完結編 Hepburn: Kiseijū Kanketsu-hen) is a 2015 Japanese science fiction action horror film directed by Takashi Yamazaki, starring Shota Sometani. It is the second film of the two Parasyte films, and was preceded by Parasyte: Part 1.
Loharpani is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,789 persons living in 811 individual households.
Rage Software or Rage Games or FX Digital Network was a British video game developer. Formed in Liverpool in 1992, its games were marked by an emphasis on graphical effects with arcade gameplay. Rage's first title Striker sold more than one million copies throughout its two-year life cycle and established Rage as a major creative force in the interactive entertainment industry. The company went through rapid expansion in the 1990s and partnered with multiple third party software publishers for distribution of its titles. Rage Games Limited was floated on the stock exchange in 1996 as Rage Software plc. Rage continued to form commercial partnerships with major publishing houses, including Microsoft, Intel, Dell, Compaq, Nintendo, Sony and Sega, and re-registered as a private company as Rage Software Limited in 1999. In 2000, Rage began to expand into publishing. However, the costs of publishing and a run of games that did not sell as expected (most notably the David Beckham franchise) eventually led to the company closing in January 2003 due to bankruptcy. At that time, it was one of the oldest game developers in the UK and at its peak had offices in Liverpool, Birmingham, Sheffield, Newcastle, Bristol and Warrington. Some of the former development staff have formed other game development companies such as Swordfish Studios in Birmingham, Juice Games in Warrington and Venom Games in Newcastle.
Leave Your Sleep is a double concept album by Natalie Merchant and is her fifth solo album. The album is \"a project about childhood\" and is a collection of music adapted from 19th and 20th century British and American poetry about childhood. BBC Music describes it as \"200 years of lyrical and musical history, washing beautifully by.\"
Teen Batti Char Raasta (Three Lights And Four Streets) is a 1953 Hindi social family drama on national integration directed by V. Shantaram. The film was made under the Rajkamal Kalamandir banner and produced by Shantaram. The story and dialogue were by Diwan Sharar while the cinematography was by G. Balkrishna. With music composed by Shivram Krishna, it had lyrics by Pyare Lal Santoshi. The star cast included Karan Dewan, Sandhya, Shashikala, Nirupa Roy, Sheila Ramani, Dewan Sharar and Lalita Kumari. The film, a social comedy-drama showing national integration, involved a family, whose patriarch Lala Gulabchand (Diwan Sharar), is a Punjabi married to a woman from Uttar Pradesh. He lives near a crossroads with three lights and four streets. The crossroads is used symbolically as a union of the different states and religions in the country, as mentioned in the film. Their five of six sons then marry girls from five different states in India and the story follows the chaos that ensues. The film had a sub-plot weaved into it in the form of a dark-complexioned girl, Shyama (Sandhya), who is first humiliated by the hero Ramesh (Karan Dewan), and then accepted by him as he falls in love with the \"real person\".
Michałówek [mixaˈwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Nieborów, 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Łowicz, and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Pakaraimoideae is a subfamily of Cistaceae family of flowering plants with just one genus and a single species Pakaraimaea dipterocarpacea, from Guyana, and Venezuela in South America. It is found in the Imbaimadai Savanna, the adjacent Partang Savanna, the Guaianan highlands and Pacaraima Mountains in Guyana and Bolivar State in Venezuela.It was formerly placed in Dipterocarpaceae, but is now known to belong to Cistaceae
The Rules of the Game (original French title: La Règle du jeu) is a 1939 French film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Nora Gregor, Paulette Dubost, Mila Parély, Marcel Dalio, Julien Carette, Roland Toutain, Gaston Modot, Pierre Magnier and Renoir. The film is a comedy of manners that depicts members of upper-class French society and their servants just before the beginning of World War II, showing their moral callousness on the eve of impending destruction. The Rules of the Game was the most expensive French film up to that time, with its original budget of 2.5 million francs increased to over five million. When directing the film, Renoir and cinematographer Jean Bachelet made use of deep-focus cinematography and long shots during which the camera is constantly moving, both sophisticated cinematic techniques in 1939. Renoir's career in France was at its pinnacle in 1939 and The Rules of the Game was eagerly anticipated; however, its premiere was met with scorn and disapproval by both critics and audiences. Renoir reduced the film's running time from 113 minutes to 85, but even then the film was a critical and financial disaster. In October 1939, it was banned by the wartime French government for \"having an undesirable influence over the young.\" For many years, the 85-minute version was the only one available, but despite this its reputation slowly grew. In 1956, boxes of original material were rediscovered and a reconstructed version of the film premiered that year at the Venice Film Festival, with only a minor scene from Renoir's first cut missing. Since then, The Rules of the Game has often been called one of the greatest films in the history of cinema. Numerous film critics and directors have praised it highly, citing it as an inspiration for their own work.
Žiežmariai (, Polish: Żyżmory) is a city in the Kaišiadorys district municipality, Lithuania. It is located 6 km (3.7 mi) south of Kaišiadorys. Žiežmariai has a rare, surviving wooden synagogue.
Tashkuiyeh (Persian: طاشكوييه‎‎, also Romanized as Ţāshkūīyeh) is a village in Tarom Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,011, in 460 families.
Mode. Set. Clear. is the debut album by New Zealand alternative rock band Villainy, released in New Zealand on October 19, 2012 and distributed by Universal Records. The album received the award for Best Rock Album at the 2013 New Zealand Music Awards.
The Neon God: Part 1 – The Rise, is the first of a two-part conceptual album by W.A.S.P. about an abused and orphaned boy named Jesse, who finds that he has the ability to read and manipulate people. The second album is titled The Neon God, Pt. 2: The Demise.
Mownowm (Persian: مونوم‎‎; also known as Mownow) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 6 families.
Broadway & 52nd was the second album by jazz-rap group Us3 and has a more dark, conscious mood to it than their first album. On the album, the group continued mixing live musicians with samples and hip hop lyrics. Whilst the album was not as well-accepted as the debut album Hand on the Torch, it represented a more mature approach to jazz-rap. After the huge success of their first album, the president of Blue Note records allowed the trio to dig deep into Blue Note's vault and do whatever they wanted to do with its material. The album's title comes from the street intersection in the middle of the theater district in New York City, which used to be the center of bebop in New York City.
Cattleya harrisoniana (\"Harrison's Cattley's orchid\") is a bifoliate Cattleya species of orchid. The diploid chromosome number of C. harrisoniana has been determined as 2n = 40. The haploid chromosome number of C. harrisoniana has been determined as n = 20.
Ten Modern Commandments was a 1927 American silent romantic comedy-drama film that starred Esther Ralston and was distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on an original screen story and was directed by Dorothy Arzner. The film is now considered lost film.
Mus (Persian: موس‎‎, also Romanized as Mūs) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 34 families.
Wildwood Middle High School is located in Wildwood, Florida, in Sumter County, Florida. The school's teams are known as the Wildcats. There is a dress code and shirts must be tucked in at all times. Dual enrollment is offered at the area's public colleges and Florida Virtual School is offered as a resource.
Seven Worlds is Eric Johnson's 1978 solo record after disbanding with his second band, The Electromagnets. The album was recorded in 1976 and 1977. Due to various disputes, general release was held up until Johnson obtained the rights to the master recordings, twenty years later. Johnson subsequently re-recorded the tracks \"Zap\" and \"Emerald Eyes\" for his first general release album, 1986's Tones.
Timoteus Pokora (26 June 1928 – 11 July 1985) was a Czech sinologist known for his translations and studies of Chinese literature and law, particularly dealing with the Han dynasty.
Dinar Sara (Persian: دينارسرا‎‎, also Romanized as Dīnār Sarā) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 718, in 180 families.
Bumpin' Voyage is the seventh studio album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota, released on January 28, 1995. The album charted at number 1 on the Oricon Albums chart and remained on the charts for total of 12 weeks. The album sold a total of 600,000 units, reaching double platinum certification. In September 1995, Kubota re-recorded most of the album into English language and released the material on his eighth studio album Sunshine, Moonlight.
Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ) is an American venture capital firm focused on early- and growth-stage investments in enterprise, consumer and disruptive technologies. In 2015, DFJ was identified as one of the top investors of billion dollar startups.
Skibin [ˈskibin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Radziejów and 47 km (29 mi) south of Toruń.
We Are Family is a 1979 album by American R&B/Soul group Sister Sledge. The album was written and produced by Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards of the band Chic, and includes four hit singles: the anthemic title track, \"He's the Greatest Dancer\", \"Lost in Music\", and \"Thinking of You\", all four of which have been sampled, remixed, and re–issued through the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. Chic worked with Sister Sledge, who had signed to Atlantic in 1973, at the inspiration of Atlantic president Jerry Greenberg. Nile Rodgers remembered later; \" That's why we came up with We Are Family. [-] Everything he said about them gave us a picture of them. You've got to remember, we never even met them. [-] All of the content on that record came from that one day with the president [-] I was fascinated and enthralled by the concept of people who loved music who could be 'nice girls' in the midst of the whole disco era.\" We Are Family is one of two albums produced by Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers in 1979, the other being Chic's third album Risqué including hit singles \"Good Times\" and \"My Forbidden Lover\". Nile Rodgers has written that of the various albums produced by The Chic Organization for themselves and others, \"pound for pound, I think We Are Family is our best album hands down.\"  The lead vocals to We Are Family were recorded in a single take by the then 18-year-old Kathy Sledge. \"He's the Greatest Dancer\" was the first single from the album and became the group's first major hit, reaching the pop top ten and number one on the R&B chart. We Are Family was digitally remastered and reissued on CD by Rhino Records in 1995.
Gruszki [ˈɡruʂki], (Lithuanian: Gruškos), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Płaska, 30 km (19 mi) east of Augustów, and 84 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
(This article is about the encyclopedist. For other uses of Weisstein, see Weisstein (disambiguation).) Eric Wolfgang Weisstein (born March 18, 1969) is an encyclopedist who created and maintains MathWorld and Eric Weisstein's World of Science (ScienceWorld). He is the author of the CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics. He currently works for Wolfram Research, Inc.
The Great Man is a 1956 drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer, based on a novel by Al Morgan. It was loosely based on the controversial career of Arthur Godfrey, a beloved TV and radio host whose image had been tarnished by a number of cast firings and Godfrey's contentious battles with the press.
Biophytum sensitivum is a species of plant in the Oxalidaceae family and in the genus Biophytum. It is commonly found in Nepal, India and in other Southeast Asian countries and is used for medicinal purposes in Nepal and in India.During the last few decades, extensive research has been carried out to elucidate the chemistry, biological activities, and medicinal applications of B. sensitivum.
Professor Gordon C Wishart MB ChB MA(Cantab.) MD FRCS FRCS (Eng.) FRCS (Gen.) is a consultant breast & endocrine surgeon at Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge. He is distinguished for his pioneering work in the treatment of breast cancer, where he has introduced innovative, and sometimes controversial, techniques which have subsequently seen wide acceptance and adoption.
John Harold Ostrom (February 18, 1928 – July 16, 2005) was an American paleontologist who revolutionized modern understanding of dinosaurs in the 1960s. As first proposed by Thomas Henry Huxley in the 1860s, Ostrom showed that dinosaurs were more like big non-flying birds than they were like lizards (or \"saurians\"). The first of Ostrom's broad-based reviews of the osteology and phylogeny of the primitive bird Archaeopteryx appeared in 1976. His reaction to the eventual discovery of feathered dinosaurs in China, after years of acrimonious debate, was bittersweet.
Hasin-e Kuchak (Persian: حاسين كوچك‎‎, also Romanized as Hāsīn-e Kūchak; also known as Hāsūn-e Kūchak) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 33 families.
East Peru is a city in Madison County, Iowa, United States. The population was 125 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Maria's Lovers is a 1984 drama film directed by Andrei Konchalovsky and starring Nastassja Kinski, John Savage, and Robert Mitchum. The plot follows a soldier returning from World War II who marries the woman of his dreams, but he is unable to consummate his marriage ruining the couples chances of a shared happiness.
TouchBistro Inc. is a Toronto-based software company that develops a restaurant point of sale system for the iPad. TouchBistro Inc. was founded by Alex Barrotti in 2010. Barrotti had previously founded INEX, a web-based online storefront creator, which he sold to Infospace (now Blucora) in 1999 for $45 million.
The Gene Generation is a 2007 Biopunk science fiction film about an assassin who battles DNA hackers. The film was directed by Pearry Reginald Teo, and stars Bai Ling, Parry Shen, Faye Dunaway, and Alec Newman.
Pirchili (Persian: پيرچيلي‎‎, also Romanized as Pīrchīlī) is a village in Qaleh Qazi Rural District, Qaleh Qazi District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 223, in 50 families.
Khairang is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2535 people living in 466 individual households.
Doctor of Medicine Tommaso Lomonaco (1901 – 1992), one of the so-called guidonians, in the 1940s was strongly in favour of a multi-disciplinary approach to space sciences. He believed that aeronautical engineering and medicine were closely related and even more in the case of astronautics. He illustrated his experience on the interaction between the two sciences in a book, 'An MD among flyers'. There he states that both in the Guidonia labs and in the Aeronautic Engineering School 'technicians, engineers, medicine doctors, biologists, university students and ITAF career officers worked side by side, merging their knowledge in a completely new way for those times'.
Cathestecum (common name false grama) is a genus of the North American plants in the grass family. The name is sometimes misspelled as Cathestechum. Species 1.  \n*  Cathestecum brevifolium Swallen - Mexico, El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, United States (Pima County in Arizona) 2.  \n*  Cathestecum erectum Vasey & Hack. - Mexico, El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, United States (Big Bend region in Texas, southern Arizona) 3.  \n*  Cathestecum prostratum J.Presl - Michoacán, Jalisco, Morelos, Oaxaca, Querétaro, Puebla, Guerrero 4.  \n*  Cathestecum varium Swallen - Puebla, Oaxacaformerly included see Bouteloua \n*  Cathestecum multifidum - Bouteloua multifida \n*  Cathestecum stoloniferum - Bouteloua reederorum
Deh Baneh-ye Eslamabad (Persian: دهبنه اسلام اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Deh Baneh-ye Eslāmābād; also known as De-Bane, Deh Baneh, and Deh Boneh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,625, in 998 families.
Skórnice [skurˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Fałków, 26 km (16 mi) west of Końskie, and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 440.
Siegfried Wustrow (born 7 May 1936) is a retired German cyclist. He began his career in the early 1950s as an all-rounder, competing in road and cross-country races. However, he had his best achievements in motor-paced racing, winning two silver medals at the UCI Motor-paced World Championships in 1960 and 1961 and the national title in 1961. After retirement he operated a taxi company in Leipzig and was organizing cycling events.
Saxifraga paniculata (also known by the English common names alpine saxifrage, encrusted saxifrage, lifelong saxifrage, lime-encrusted saxifrage, livelong saxifrage, White Mountain saxifrage, and silver saxifrage) is a species of saxifrage native to the United States, Europe and Asia.
Świeszyno [ɕfjɛˈʂɨnɔ] (German Schwessin) is a village in Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Świeszyno. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Koszalin and 131 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 497.
Mandi is a patwar circle and village in Phagi Tehsil in Jaipur district, Rajasthan. Mandi is also patwar circles for nearby villages, Mohanpura Ranwa and Rampura Railway. In Mandi, there are 138 households with total population of 999 (with 53.05% males and 46.95% females), based on 2011 census. Total area of village is 9.19 km2. There is one primary school in Mandi village.
Behabad (Persian: به اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Behābād) is a village in Golmakan Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 649, in 155 families.
Alan Phillips (born 17 June 1956) is a South African retired badminton and baseball player. He won the national badminton championship 27 times, more than any other player. Phillips also played for the South African national baseball team in the 2000 Summer Olympics. As of October 2012, Phillips serves as a baseball coach.
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Wong Fut Nam College (Chinese: 東華三院黃笏南中學) is a whole-day co-educational secondary school subsidised by the government. Located in Kowloon Tong in New Kowloon of Hong Kong, it was the very first secondary school being set up by Tung Wah Group of Hospitals, a charity organisation. It was named Tung Wah Group of Hosipitals Number One School when it was set up in 1961. The school was renamed TWGHs Wong Fut Nam College as Mr. Wong Fut Nam had made a donation of HK$500,000 in autumn, 1971.
Unreal is the first mini-album released by Japanese all-male pop rock band flumpool on November 19, 2008. Its cover is a nude photography, describing the band's members as \"dolls\". It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipment of 250,000 copies.
Qukh (Persian: قوخ‎‎, also Romanized as Qūkh) is a village in Shiyan Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 32 families.
Hockey is an album by John Zorn featuring his early \"game piece\" composition of the same name which first appeared on the Parachute Records edition of Pool in 1980. The full recordings of the piece were first released on CD on Tzadik Records as part of The Parachute Years Box Set in 1997 and as a single CD in 2002.
Unity: The Latin Tribute to Michael Jackson, also known as The Unity Project, is a collaborative musical project aimed at creating a Michael Jackson tribute album inspired by Latin music styles. The leader of the project is Peruvian-American musician Tony Succar and vocals are provided by a number of leading artists in Latin music genres, especially Salsa. Succar's aim with the project was to celebrate Jackson's music and legacy by combining it with a Latin-orchestrated sound. The stated goal is \"to honor the legacy of Michael Jackson, the King of Pop. By remaining true to his artistic essence, excellence, and music we seek to unify all human beings.\" Upon its release, the album debuted at number one on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart.
Podświerk [ˈpɔtɕfjɛrk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Kobiele Wielkie, 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Radomsko, and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
Rogers' Store, also known as Gwaltney's Store, is a historic general store located at Carsley near Surry, Surry County, Virginia. It was built about 1894, and is a two-story, three bay by three bay, Late Victorian frame building with a front gable roof. It features a full-width front porch supported by turned posts and a standing seam metal shed roof. Located directly behind the Rogers' Store is the Gwaltney's Store building. It was built in 1827, and is a 1 1/2-story, two room, gable front frame building. With the construction of the new store in 1894, the old store was converted to storage space. The store closed in 1952. The Rogers' Store (1827–1952) acted as an early post office, pharmacy, radio assembly and repair shop, a publishing company, lumber company, chemical company and the Surry-Sussex Telephone Company. Throughout its history, Gwaltney's Store and then Rogers' Store has been the town center for the people of Carsley. Rogers Store was acquired by the Surry Historical Society in 1999. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The Watcher Self is a British psychological thriller film written, produced and directed by Matt Cruse about one woman’s descent into hell. The film was released on video on demand only on 25 March 2016.
From Genesis to Revelation is the first studio album by the British band Genesis. It was released in March 1969 on Decca Records in England (London Records in North America). It was produced by Jonathan King, who discovered them in 1967 while the members of Genesis were pupils at Charterhouse School, King's alma mater. It was reissued in various regions, including the United Kingdom (home country), as In the Beginning (first in 1974) and then part of Decca's Rock Roots repackaging series in 1976 before reverting to original title in recent reissues.
Lesbians on Ecstasy is the self-titled debut album of Montreal based electropunk group Lesbians on Ecstasy. It contains 11 songs, including a live bonus track. The first single is the track \"Tell Me Does She Love The Bass\", a reworking of the 1988 Melissa Etheridge hit \"Like the Way I Do\". This record also contains several covers of other Canadian performers. \"Pleasure Principal\" is an electropunk response to Rough Trade's song \"High School Confidential\", \"Kündstant Krøving\" is a take at k.d. lang's biggest hit \"Constant Craving\", \"Parachute Clubbing\" is a take on Parachute Club's \"Rise Up\", and \"Bitchsy\" references the Fifth Column song \"All Women Are Bitches\". \"Bitchsy\" was featured on Queer as Folk during the final season of 2005. In 2005, The Advocate chose Lesbians on Ecstasy as their 'Number One Album of the Year'.
Aharon Isser (July 13, 1958 - April 9, 1995) was a leading Israeli aeronautical engineer. He contributed much to the modeling of aerodynamic effects on helicopter airfoils and on the flight dynamics of missile systems. Conducting research at the Israel Institute of Technology, or the Technion, Aharon Isser published many of his papers in the Journal of the American Helicopter Society.
Agrimonia eupatoria is a species of agrimony that is often referred to as common agrimony, church steeples or sticklewort. The whole plant is dark green with numerous soft hairs. The soft hairs aid in the plant's seed pods sticking to any animal or person coming in contact with the plant. The flower spikes have a spicy odor like apricots. In the Language of Flowers Agrimony means thankfulness or gratitude. A. eupatoria is a foodplant for the caterpillars of the snout moth Endotricha flammealis.
Box 1991–2008 is a summary of the Swedish rock group Kent's career. The Box contains almost everything the group has ever recorded between 1991 and 2008. It contains every B-side, many demo recordings and every studio album. It also contains the first official live recording the group has ever made of a concert, a live recording of a new, previously unreleased song called \"Håll ditt huvud högt\" (Hold your head high) made during a concert in the band's hometown of Eskilstuna in July 2008.
Kharter (Persian: خرتر‎‎) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 11 families.
Koźmin [ˈkɔʑmin], German Koschmin, is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Obrzycko, 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Szamotuły, and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 10 families.
Wauseon High School is a public high school in Wauseon, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Wauseon Exempted Village School District. The superintendent is Larry Brown and principal is Keith Leatherman. The athletic director is Mathew Hutchinson.
It Only Happens to Others (French: Ça n'arrive qu'aux autres) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Nadine Trintignant. The film was made in the wake of the death of Nadine and Jean-Louis Trintignant's daughter Pauline, in 1969.
The Stuart Welcome Arch (also known as the 1926 Welcome Arch or Rio-Jensen Beach Arch) is an historic arch-shaped structure which straddles County Road 707 between 2369 and 2390 Northeast Dixie Highway in Jensen Beach, Florida. It was built in 1926 to mark what was then the town line between the town of Jensen to the north and the town of Stuart to the south. During the Great Depression, the town of Jensen went bankrupt and was dissolved, while the town (now City) of Stuart was forced to relinquish much of its territory north of the St. Lucie River. Today it is located entirely within the unincorporated area of Martin County. It has been restored several times over the years. On September 15, 2004, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Baghan (Persian: باغان‎‎, also Romanized as Bāghān; also known as Bāgheyn and Bāghīn) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 29 families.
Deh-e Parkak (Persian: ده پركك‎‎; also known as Deh-e Parak) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 15 families.
The Morrison Hotel was a high rise hotel at the corner of Madison and Clark Streets in the downtown Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It was designed by the architectural firm of Holabird & Roche and completed in 1925. The hotel was demolished in 1965 to make room for the First National Bank Building (now Chase Tower). The hotel was named for Orsemus Morrison, the first coroner in Chicago, who bought the site in 1838 and in 1860 built a three-story hotel with 21 rooms. Destroyed in the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, this was replaced by an eight-story building. In 1915 Harry C. Moir, who had bought the property from Morrison's nephew, built a 21-floor, 500-room hotel designed by Marshall and Fox. The hotel was expanded by 650 rooms in 1918. In 1925 Holabird & Roche further expanded it, adding a 46-story tower. The hotel had 1,800 rooms in 1931. A fourth, 21-story section was then added, bringing the number of rooms to 2,210, but was sold in 1937, becoming the Hotel Chicagoan; in the 1950s this was operated under lease by the Morrison. In 1952 a syndicate bought the Morrison and renovated it. The 1873 Morrison Hotel housed the Boston Oyster House in its basement. In the skyscraper hotel, the Terrace Casino opened in 1936 with a performance by Sophie Tucker and was an important Big Band venue; the Carousel in the Sky was the world's highest nightclub; the Jockey Club on the first floor was the site of protests by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People that forced removal of its black jockey statues. Presidents Truman, Eisenhower, and Kennedy and Vice-Presidents Barkley and Nixon stayed at the hotel; boxer Jack Dempsey was also a frequent guest. Gorgeous George was a daily client of the beauty parlor. From 1932 on, the headquarters of the Cook County Democratic machine was on the third floor of the Morrison. Joe \"Hold 'Em\" Powers spent a world record 16 days on the hotel flagpole in 1927, despite losing six teeth when wind blew him into cables. Standing 526 feet (160 m) high, the Morrison Hotel was the first building outside of New York City to have more than 40 floors, and for thirty years was the world's tallest hotel. At the time of its razing, it was the tallest building to have ever been demolished anywhere in the world.
\"No Eager Men\" was the second 7\" by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters, released in 1993. \n*  The cover calls the band \"the Swingin' Utters\" for the first time, thus losing the Johnny Peebucks moniker. \n*  Originally released as a 7\" record, two of these songs would be re-recorded for The Streets of San Francisco. \n*  The song \"Here We Are Nowhere\" is a cover, originally done by Stiff Little Fingers.
Bystra [ˈbɨstra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkowice, within Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. The village has a population of 3,887. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wilkowice, 8 km (5 mi) south of Bielsko-Biała, and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice. The village is located in Silesian Beskids, alongside Bystra stream. The name of the village is of topographic origin borrowed from an older name of the Bystra stream (nominative bystry: fast, rapid).
Han (Persian: هان‎‎, also Romanized as Hān) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 164, in 36 families.
Suyetchai MLA is a 2006 Tamil political satire film directed by Guru Dhanapal. The film features Sathyaraj and Goundamani in lead roles. The film had musical score by Sabesh-Murali and was released on 5 May 2006, after many delays.
Gondola Magazine is a monthly publication from Retail Today S.A./N.V. located in Zaventem, Belgium - Europe. The magazine publishes news, opinions and in depth reports on the retail in Belgium.
When The World Falls Down is the first album from British progressive rock band Balance of Power. It was released in 1997 and is the only album of the band to feature Tony Ritchie as lead vocalist.
Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] (German: Auenweide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Drawno, 28 km (17 mi) east of Choszczno, and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Unlocked is Christian Rapper Verbs' third album. 1.  \n*  Live to the Musc 2.  \n*  She's Miss Sin (tKimmey) 3.  \n*  Trippin' (featuring FAILURE) 4.  \n*  Love Triangle 5.  \n*  Pre-Paid (featuring Grits and Nirva Dorsaint) 6.  \n*  What You Rock Now 7.  \n*  Feelin' the Interlude 8.  \n*  My Neighborhood (featuring Grits) 9.  \n*  Run with It 10.  \n*  Can You Hear Me? (featuring MOC & Shonlock) 11.  \n*  The Before and After 12.  \n*  Triumphant Outro
Here Comes the Nelsons is a 1952 American comedy film starring real-life husband and wife Ozzie and Harriet Nelson and their sons David and Ricky Nelson. The supporting cast includes Rock Hudson, Sheldon Leonard, Jim Backus, Gale Gordon, and Chubby Johnson. The film was directed by Frederick de Cordova. Here Come the Nelsons doubled as the pilot for the television series The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet.
The Law Courts Complex was a building located on George Street and Adelaide Street, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The building formerly housed the Supreme Court and District Court of Queensland, which relocated to the Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law in August 2012.
Armadale Academy is a secondary school in Armadale, West Lothian. Opened in 1969, the academy moved to its current location in 2009. It is split into three houses: Cochran, Honeyman, and Wood.
Heroes is a studio album by American country music singer Willie Nelson, released by Legacy Recordings on May 15, 2012. Produced by Buddy Cannon, the album contains classic country songs, new songs written by Nelson and his son Lukas, and the classic song from Nelson's repertoire, \"A Horse Called Music\". Guest appearances include Lukas Nelson, Ray Price, Merle Haggard, Snoop Dogg, Kris Kristofferson, Jamey Johnson, Billy Joe Shaver, and Sheryl Crow. A cover version of Coldplay's song \"The Scientist\", which was originally released as a single in 2011, was included in the album release after a major reception for a Chipotle Mexican Grill advertising aired during Super Bowl XLVI. Nelson's version plays during the closing credits of the 2014 movie The Judge. The single \"Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die\" was released on 420 day, and the tracks \"Just Breathe\" and \"Come On Back Jesus\" were released as singles during Record Store Day 2012. Upon its release, it received favorable reviews. Heroes peaked at number four on Billboard's Top Country Albums and reached number 18 on the Billboard 200.
Give Us Sugar is the 2-CD compilation album released in 2009 by the alternative rock band Black Lab. It is a collection of assorted rarities from throughout their career, including non-LP B-sides and songs previously exclusive to movie soundtracks. It was intended to be released as a limited edition of only 250 sequentially numbered autographed copies, but the number of pre-orders far surpassed that limit, forcing the band to change the publishing and distribution approach. The hand written numbering on the CD front covers still stated the edition number as one of /250 (e.g.: 519/250), and the exact number produced is not known.
22 Weeks is a 2009 anti-abortion short film directed by Angel Manuel Soto, based on a 9-1-1 recording of a reported event, and on a 2005 WorldNetDaily article by Ron Strom. The article reported the accounts of a woman who sought a late term abortion, but the baby was born alive, dying approximately ten minutes later.
Maine Coast Waldorf School is a school based in Freeport, Maine, United States, with its high school campus in New Gloucester. The school has about 265 students. Maine Coast Waldorf is a member of the Association of Waldorf Schools of North America (AWSNA) and the Association of Independent Schools in New England (AISNE) and is accredited by these two organizations. Students at Maine Coast Waldorf take French and German as well as the basics, Math and English, also PE, and also Woodwork and Handwork, and after 4th grade they learn to play one or more musical instruments. There is only one class per grade, and all the students in a grade go to classes together. Students go outside for two recesses every day. Students may join the cross country running team in the fall or the cross country ski team or basketball team in the winter, and in the spring may play frisbee.
Żernica [ʐɛrˈnit͡sa] (former German Zernitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilchowice, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Gliwice and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 2,549.
The View Point Inn, located in Corbett, Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In 2008, the inn was used in filming of prom scenes in the first film of the Twilight Saga film series. The exposure generated by the film was credited with giving the hotel and its restaurant a boost in business. The 2011 fire was first spotted by two Twilight fans. In July 2011, the building's second floor was gutted by a fire, and its owners faced financial difficulties, as the insurance on the building had lapsed. In October 2013, plans to rebuild and reopen the historic structure were coming together, with work beginning the winter of 2013–2014. Construction began, but soon halted. Shortly after, owner Don Angelo Simione, died from cancer. Simione was the partner of Geoff Thompson. The fate of the inn appears grim. Thompson's brother is as well terminally ill and in hospice care.
Sketches for My Sweetheart the Drunk is a collection of polished studio tracks and four-track demos recorded by Jeff Buckley. Buckley was dissatisfied with material recorded in the summer of 1996 and early in 1997 and continued working on demo recordings to refine his sound. The album was to be titled My Sweetheart, the Drunk, but was never finished, as the rest of the band were traveling to meet Buckley at the time of his death. The album was released posthumously on May 26, 1998 (see 1998 in music). Despite its unfinished state, the album garnered many positive reviews; The Onion's AV Club called it \"frustratingly incomplete, but mostly remarkable.\" The album's original sessions were produced by Television frontman Tom Verlaine. \"My Sweetheart the Drunk\" was the working title that Buckley used while writing and recording the album. The title was intended by his mother and sole heir of his estate, Mary Guibert, to be rendered with parentheses, as Sketches for (My Sweetheart the Drunk). This was because Jeff's work was not finished, and therefore was just an outline, or \"sketch,\" of what would have been released.
The Church of Senhor do Socorro (Portuguese: Igreja do Senhor do Socorro) is an 18th-century Baroque sanctuary situated in the civil parish of Labruja, municipality of Ponte de Lima, in the Portuguese district of Viana do Castelo. The church is the centre of pilgrimages and festivals in honour of the Lord of Help/Distress, particularly on the first Saturday and Sunday of July, attracting many people from the Portuguese diaspora.
Boneh-ye Cheragh (Persian: بنه چراغ‎‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Cherāgh; also known as Cherāgh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 43 families.
The Colonel Robert A. Smith Monument, located in Hart County, Kentucky, is a monument related to the American Civil War, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in the memory of Colonel Robert A. Smith and the members of the 10th Mississippi Infantry Regiment who died in the service of the Confederate States of America on September 14, 1862, at the Battle of Munfordville.
Bembridge House, also known as Green-Rankin-Bembridge House, is a registered historic building located across from Drake Park in Long Beach, California, United States. The ornate and well-preserved Queen Anne Victorian house was built in 1906. Musician and school teacher Dorothy Bembridge lived in the house from 1918 until she was murdered there in 1999. The house was acquired by Long Beach Heritage in 2000.
This is the first release by the band Monuments which features 3 songs and shows a different vocal style that is not seen in the following albums. It features rapped vocals (much like the style of Volumes) due to the mixed vocals shared by Neema Askari and Greg Pope. It is also the only album to feature the original lineup of the band, except for Josh Travis (ex-The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza, ex-Glass Cloud, Emmure) The tracks \"Admit Defeat\" and \"The Uncollective\" were remastered and got new lyrics in the next album.
Pentalinon luteum, commonly known as hammock viper's-tail, licebush, wild allamanda, wild wist yellow mandevilla, and yellow dipladenia, is a vining plant native to islands of the Caribbean, Honduras, and the U.S. state of Florida.
The Iran Heavy Diesel Manufacturing Company (Persian: شركت صنعتی وتولیدی ديزل سنگين ايران‎‎ Šerkat-e sanʿati wa-tawlidi-ye dizel-e sangin-e Irān, abbreviated دسا DESA) is an Iranian company manufacturing heavy diesel engines from 200 to 3500 kW for railway, marine and power generation purposes.
Monardella stebbinsii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Feather River monardella and Stebbins' monardella. It is endemic to Plumas County, California, where it is known from only about ten occurrences along the North Fork of the Feather River in the High Sierra. It is a member of the serpentine soils flora in rocky mountain habitat.
Sir Francis Galton, FRS (/ˈfrɑːnsɪs ˈɡɔːltən/; 16 February 1822 – 17 January 1911) was an English Victorian statistician, progressive, polymath, sociologist, psychologist, anthropologist, eugenicist, tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, and psychometrician. He was knighted in 1909. Galton produced over 340 papers and books. He also created the statistical concept of correlation and widely promoted regression toward the mean. He was the first to apply statistical methods to the study of human differences and inheritance of intelligence, and introduced the use of questionnaires and surveys for collecting data on human communities, which he needed for genealogical and biographical works and for his anthropometric studies. He was a pioneer in eugenics, coining the term itself and the phrase \"nature versus nurture\". His book Hereditary Genius (1869) was the first social scientific attempt to study genius and greatness. As an investigator of the human mind, he founded psychometrics (the science of measuring mental faculties) and differential psychology and the lexical hypothesis of personality. He devised a method for classifying fingerprints that proved useful in forensic science. He also conducted research on the power of prayer, concluding it had none by its null effects on the longevity of those prayed for. His quest for the scientific principles of diverse phenomena extended even to the optimal method for making tea. As the initiator of scientific meteorology, he devised the first weather map, proposed a theory of anticyclones, and was the first to establish a complete record of short-term climatic phenomena on a European scale. He also invented the Galton Whistle for testing differential hearing ability. He was Charles Darwin's half-cousin.
Wólka Dobryńska [ˈvulka dɔˈbrɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Sarku Sara (Persian: سركوسرا‎‎, also Romanized as Sarkū Sarā; also known as Sūrgūsarā) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 15 families.
Raagam is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. Bhim Singh and produced by NP Ali. The film stars Sharada, Lakshmi, Sukumari, Adoor Bhasi, Jose Prakash and Master Natraj in lead roles. The film had musical score by Salil Chowdhary. It was a blockbuster movie remake of Hindi film Anuraag (starring Ashok Kumar, Nuthan, Mousumi Chaterjee and Vinod Mehra).
TS 2 is an Internet Provider for US Army soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan. Most of all active customers are Polish and US Army soldiers, but TS 2 solutions have been implemented also for private companies and organizations. TS 2' network in Iraq and Afghanistan has over 15 thousand military users of local broadband satellite connections. TS2 also delivers telecommunication services for Iraq-based Police Transition Teams.
Jeyran-e Sofla (Persian: جيران سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Jeyrān-e Soflá; also known as Jārīḩān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 58, in 15 families.
Lagharan (Persian: لاغران‎‎, also Romanized as Lāgharān) is a village in Deh Fish Rural District, Banaruiyeh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,601, in 336 families.
Luis Charles (born 31 March 1991) is a sprinter from the Dominican Republic. He competed in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 2016 Olympics, but failed to reach the final.
Intrade.com was a web-based trading exchange whose members \"traded\" contracts between each other on the probabilities of various events occurring. After having been forced to exclude US traders in 2012, on 10 March 2013 Intrade suspended all trading, citing possible \"financial irregularities\". For a time after the suspension, the intrade.com website stated that they were working on a relaunch of the site, called \"Intrade 2.0\", but as of August 2014 it states that \"It appears very unlikely now that Intrade will resume trading services in the way it had operated previously\", and has announced plans to close all accounts and refund monies by 31 December 2014.
PearlsOnly.com is a Jewellery seller specializing in the sale of pearl ornaments, active in the North American and European markets. Founded in 2003, PearlsOnly is one of the top Pearl Jewellery seller in nations such as the US, Canada, Australia and Germany.
Tottoi (トトイ) is a 1992 anime film. It was dubbed into English and was distributed by Celebrity Home Entertainment in 1993 under the title of The Secret of the Seal
4INFO is an American corporation that provides mobile advertising technology for the placement and tracking of advertisements; including on computers, mobile phones, and end-point systems such as cash registers. The company's products collect data on the extent to which its clients' customers are exposed to their advertisements. Their clients include Campbell’s, Kraft, Macy's, Southwest Airlines, Target and Walmart.
Nice & Smooth is the debut album of the hip-hop duo Nice & Smooth. The album is notable for its sense of humor and comedy rhymes. Although the album contains explicit lyrics on it, it is also at its best with Greg Nice's crazy rhyming with humor and Smooth B's slow lover rhymes. The release singles of the album are \"Early to Rise\" and \"Funky for You.\" This was the duo’s only release on Fresh/Sleeping Bag Records before it signed with Def Jam Recordings sub-label RAL Records. It was included in The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums. It was one of three titles acquired by Priority Records when Sleeping Bag went out of business in 1992.
Jasarum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that makes up the genus is Jasarum steyermarkii. It was discovered in 1960, but wasn't described until 1977 due to classification difficulties with regards to understanding this species. Jasarum is now believed to be closely related to Caladiums and it may have evolved from Caladiums that once grew in seasonal swamps. Jasarum steyermarkii is an aquatic species that is native to two river systems in Venezuela and Guyana. It is found growing in acidic blackwater and is unique in that it is the only submerged aquatic species in Araceae endemic to South America. Jasarum steyermarkii has thin ribbon-like leaves that can get as long as 30 cm. Running down the length of the leaf is a clear midrib that has veins moving at right angles to the edge of the leaf. The spathes produced open above the surface of the water and are about 15 cm long.
Dr Brigid Mary Balfour (June 1914 – 1 March 1994) was a British scientist who studied cellular morphology and ultrastructure in relation to immune function. She pushed forward the study of dendritic cells, realising that they were derived from Langerhans cells and played an important role in initiating and promoting immune reactions.
Shadow Projects was a television company, most well-known for making preschool television series. Founded by Mitchell Kriegman in 1986, the company created and produced Bear in the Big Blue House, The Book of Pooh and Breakfast with Bear for Playhouse Disney, It's a Big Big World and Between the Lions for PBS Kids.
The Sleepwalker is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Wells Hastings and Aubrey Stauffer. The film stars Constance Binney, Jack Mulhall, Edythe Chapman, Florence Roberts, Bertram Grassby, Cleo Ridgely and Winifred Edwards. The film was released on April 9, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
Jurandów [juˈranduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chynów, 23 km (14 mi) east of Grójec, and 36 km (22 mi) south of Warsaw.
Kingston High School is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades 7 through 12 in the rural community of Kingston, Madison County, Arkansas, United States. It is only high school administered in Madison County by the Jasper School District.
oNIELy is the first EP of Niel under TOP Media, released on February 16, 2015. The album is Niel's debut as a solo artist after over 4 years with the South Korean boy group Teen Top. Of the album's seven tracks, only \"Affogato\" was written by Niel.
Jungle Funk is the eponymously titled debut album of Jungle Funk, released in 1998 by ESC Records. Capturing a live collaboration between musicians Will Calhoun, Vinx de Jon Parette and Doug Wimbish, the material comprising the album was recorded over the course of two days in April 1998 at Conrad Sohm, Austria. It combined the hard funk of Living Colour with the more technology based sampling approach of Tackhead.
Laced/Unlaced is a two-disc instrumental album. Disc one, \"Laced\", is a re-release of On a Day..., Emilie's fledgling record. Disc two, \"Unlaced\", contains all electric violin recordings by Emilie Autumn. A limited-edition CD + book set was released on March 9, 2007 with 2000 copies being printed worldwide, and the jewel case album was re-released on June 15.
Oxygyne is a genus of plant in family Burmanniaceae, first described as a genus in 1906. It has a highly disjunct distribution, found in Japan in East Asia and in Cameroon in Central Africa. Species 1.  \n*  Oxygyne hyodoi C.Abe & Akasawa - Ehime on Shikoku Island in Japan 2.  \n*  Oxygyne shinzatoi (Hatus.) C.Abe & Akasawa - Nansei-shoto (Ryukyu Islands) in Japan 3.  \n*  Oxygyne triandra Schltr. - Cameroon  4.  \n*  Oxygyne yamashitae Yahara & Tsukaya - Yaku-shima in Japan
Bidhannagar (Bengali: বিধাননগর), or Salt Lake City (Bengali: সল্ট লেক সিটি) as it is popularly called, is a planned satellite town in the Indian state of West Bengal. It was developed between 1958 and 1965 to accommodate the burgeoning population of Kolkata. It is now a hub of economic and social expansion and is famous as the centre for IT in the city. Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy, the then Chief Minister of West Bengal, was instrumental in formulating the plan to build this satellite area, and the township was named Bidhan Nagar in his honour.The city was built on a reclaimed salt-water lake, which gave rise to its popular name of \"Salt Lake City\".The area under Bidhannagar Municipal Corporation of the two constituencies Rajarhat Gopalpur & Rajarhat NewTown consider as Bidhannagar.
Aliabad-e Tarkan (Persian: علي ابادتركن‎‎, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Tarḵan; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Shamkan Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 38 families.
True as a Turtle is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Wendy Toye and starring John Gregson, Cecil Parker, June Thorburn and Keith Michell. A young couple embark on a voyage on a ketch named Turtle. John Coates wrote the screenplay based on his novel of the same name.The England maritime location was mainly the river Hamble. The yacht club is the Royal Lymington Yacht Club. The motor yacht \"Liberty\" was M.Y. \"Rinansey\", my father was engineer aboard her prior to the filming.Some of the film crew stayed at \"The Moorings\", Back Street (now Rope Walk) in Hamble. I know this because it was my home which my parents ran as a B&B. I remember watching some of the filming, very entertaining to a 9-year-old boy.
Wilmer Lanier Barrow (July 26, 1903 – August 29, 1975) was an American electrical engineer, inventor, teacher, industrial manager, and a counselor to government agencies. He was vice president for research, development and engineering of the Sperry Rand Corporation. A obtained a BSEE degree in 1926 from Louisiana State University, and a D.Sc. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1931. He was elected to the grade of Fellow in the IEEE in 1941, and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1942. In 1943 he received the IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award In 1966 he received the IEEE Edison Medal For a career of meritorious achievement-innovating, teaching and developing means for transmission of electromagnetic energy at microwave frequencies. He was a member of Sigma Xi.
Love and Other Solitudes (Spanish: Del amor y otras soledades) is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by Basilio Martín Patino and starring Lucia Bosé, Carlos Estrada and María Massip.
Mohamed Omrani (Arabic: محمد العمراني‎‎; born August 11, 1979 in Tunis) is a Tunisian taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the men's featherweight category. Omrani qualified for the Tunisian squad in the men's featherweight class (68 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, by placing second behind Egypt's Tamer Hussein and granting a berth from the African Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Cairo, Egypt. He lost his opening match to Australian fighter and two-time Olympian Carlo Massimino with a score of 2–7. With his opponent trailing behind Guatemala's Gabriel Sagastume in the quarterfinals, Omrani denied his chance to compete for the Olympic bronze medal through the repechage rounds.
The Dunwich Horror is a 1970 independent supernatural horror film from American International Pictures directed by Daniel Haller and produced by Roger Corman. The film was based on the short story of the same name by H.P. Lovecraft with a script co-written by Curtis Hanson. The leading role was offered to Peter Fonda, but he turned it down. Instead, Dean Stockwell played the role of Wilbur Whateley. The film was shot in Mendocino, California.
Shun Tak Fraternal Association Leung Kau Kui College（Chinese: 順德聯誼總會梁銶琚中學） is a government-funded secondary school, located in On Ting Estate, Tuen Mun, Hong Kong. The school was founded in 1981. The school is a member of the Shun Tak Fraternal Association group of schools. In 2008, STFA Leung Kau Kui College became the sister school of the Leung Kau Kui Vocational High School and First Middle School of Shunde, both located in Foshan, Guangdong Province, China.
Columbia Law School is a professional graduate school of Columbia University. It is regarded as one of the most prestigious law schools in the world and has always been ranked in the top five by U.S. News and World Report. It is currently ranked 10th of the best law school in the world by QS Rankings. Columbia is especially well known for its strength in corporate law and its placement power in the nation's elite law firms. Columbia Law School was founded in 1858 as the Columbia College Law School and was known its legal scholarship dating back to the 18th century. Graduates of the university's colonial predecessor, King's College, included such notable early American judicial figures as John Jay, who would later become the first Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Columbia has produced a large number of distinguished alumni including nine Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States; numerous U.S. Cabinet members and Presidential advisers; U.S. Senators, Representatives, and Governors; and more members of the Forbes 400 than any other law school. According to Columbia Law School's 2013 ABA-required disclosures, 95% of the Class of 2013 obtained full-time, long-term, JD-required employment nine months after graduation. The law school was ranked # 1 of all law schools nation-wide by the National Law Journal in terms of sending the highest percentage of 2015 graduates to the largest 100 law firms in the US (52.6%).
Tall Barmi (Persian: تل برمي‎‎, also Romanized as Tall Barmī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 733, in 144 families.
Blake of Scotland Yard is a 1937 Victory Pictures American film directed by Robert F. Hill. It is a feature film edited from the film serial of the same name.
Pleasant Hill Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in Pleasant Hill, Saline County, Arkansas. The church was built by Walter Overhault in 1894 to replace the previous log structure used by the congregation. Locals of various religious denominations assisted in the church's construction, and the church has also served as a community center; it also hosts the yearly community reunion each July. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 5, 1991; it represents one of the best surviving examples of the simple Greek Revival style wood frame churches of rural Arkansas.
Søren Peder Lauritz Sørensen (9 January 1868 – 12 February 1939) was a Danish chemist, famous for the introduction of the concept of pH, a scale for measuring acidity and basicity. He was born in Havrebjerg, Denmark. From 1901 to 1938 he was head of the prestigious Carlsberg Laboratory, Copenhagen. While working at the Carlsberg Laboratory he studied the effect of ion concentration on proteins, and because the concentration of hydrogen ions was particularly important, he introduced the pH-scale as a simple way of expressing it in 1909. The article in which he introduced the scale (using the notation pH), described two new methods for measuring acidity. The first method was based on electrodes, while the second involved comparing the colors of samples and a preselected set of indicators.
Kabaddi Kabaddi is a 2003 Telugu romantic comedy film produced by Valluripally Ramesh Babu for Maharshi Cinema, and directed by Venky. Starring Jagapati Babu and Kalyani in the lead roles and music composed by Chakri.
Chaman Zamin (Persian: چمن زمين‎‎, also Romanized as Chaman Zamīn; also known as Chinamzami) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 30 families.
Gérard Adrianus Pius de Kort (born 11 September 1963) is a retired butterfly swimmer from the Netherlands. He competed at the 1984 Olympics in the individual 100 m and 200 m events, but failed to reach the finals.
Dash Kasan (Persian: داشكسن‎‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Kasan) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 6 families.
The Kattenbracher House is an historic property located in Le Claire, Iowa, United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource, which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains, pilots, builders and owners.
Dobroszów [dɔˈbrɔʂuf] (German: Doberschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chojnów, 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Legnica, and 74 kilometres (46 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Blair House is a historic house in the city of Montgomery, Ohio, United States. One of the best examples of Victorian-period Italianate architecture in the city, it was built for butcher James Blair and his wife Anne in 1875. A brick structure with a slate roof, it is a two-story structure built in the plan of the letter \"L.\" Among its distinctive architectural elements are the ornamented single-story bay, the brackets that support the eaves of the roof, and the corbelled chimneys. In 1982, the Blair House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its well-preserved historic architecture. Its date makes it close to unique; most of the city's remaining nineteenth-century buildings were erected before 1850, and almost no other Victorian structures have survived to the present day. It is one of five locations in Montgomery that is listed on the Register, along with the Montgomery Saltbox Houses, the Universalist Church Historic District, the Wilder-Swaim House, and the Yost Tavern.
Looty is a 2001 Tamil comedy film directed by Parameswar. The film features Sathyaraj, Roja and Mumtaj in lead roles. The film, produced by V. A. Durai, had musical score by Deva and was released on 14 January 2001 to mixed reviews.
Baba Qanbar is a village in Samangan Province, in northern Afghanistan. It is located in an isolated part of Samangan Province in a valley framed by rugged mountains all around it. It is located approximately 50 kilometres southeast of Samangan (Aybak).Fields are located around the village in an otherwise barren area to provide the locals with a food supply.
Zaravan (Persian: زروان‎‎, also Romanized as Zaravān, Zarun, and Zarvān) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District, Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,063, in 239 families.
Lipówki [liˈpufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Pilawa, 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Garwolin, and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of Warsaw. The village has an approximate population of 750.
Polish Ocean Lines (PLO, Polish: Polskie Linie Oceaniczne) is a Polish commercial shipping company, with headquarters in Gdynia. The company was created in 1951 in a merger of three smaller shipping companies. Currently, PLO acts as a holding company for 12 other shipping companies.
Hellbound: Hellraiser II (also known as Hellraiser II: Hellbound) is a 1988 British-American horror film directed by Tony Randel and starring Clare Higgins, Ashley Laurence, Kenneth Cranham and Doug Bradley. The film is the second entry in the Hellraiser saga and draws heavily upon (and was made by much of the same cast and crew as) its precursor, Hellraiser. Clive Barker, who wrote and directed the previous film, wrote the story and executive produced the sequel.
Bright Eyes is a 1929 British-Austrian romance film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Betty Balfour, Jack Trevor and Fritz Greiner. It is also known under the alternative title of Champagner.The film was a co-production between British International Pictures and Sascha-Film. Bolváry directed the film after travelling to Britain to make The Wrecker and stayed on to make another film, The Vagabond Queen, before returning to Germany.
Maytenus oleosa (Pondo Koko Tree) is a rare, willow-like, small tree in the Celastraceae family which is limited in habitat to lowland forests along the KwaZulu-Natal and Eastern Cape coasts, particularly where there are streams or rivers. It is commonly associated with Gymnosporia bachmannii. The species is threatened by habitat loss and agricultural activities. Efforts to conserve the tree are in place; it is a protected species in the Umtamvuna Nature Reserve and Mkambati Game Reserve, and several forest areas have been demarcated in the Transkei.
Star Gala is a compilation album by Spanish duo Baccara released by BMG-Ariola's mid-price label Spectrum in 1994. This compilation includes recordings by the original formation of the duo, Mayte Mateos and María Mendiola, taken from their RCA-Victor studio albums Baccara (1977), Light My Fire (1978), Colours (1979) and the greatest hits collection The Hits Of Baccara (1978).
Deh-e Bozi (Persian: ده بزي‎‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bozī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 158, in 35 families.
St. Peter's Episcopal Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church located at 44 Main Street in Bloomfield, Ontario County, New York. Constructed in 1871, it is a small, board and batten, Carpenter Gothic style frame building. The 67 foot by 27 foot rectangular structure is surmounted by a sharply pitched gable roof featuring polychrome slate shingles set in a decorative diamond pattern. A square bell tower surmounted by a pyramidal spire is attached to the front corner of the main body of the church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
B-sides & Other Missed Opportunities EP is an official extended play release from Alaska in Winter. It debuted 15 February 2011 via Gogoyoko.com and a note published on Alaska in Winter's Facebook page. In addition to the aforementioned digitally based release, a second version is expected before the 13 March, according to frontman Brandon Bethancourt. On thisrelease, he expects his fans to, after receiving his printed discs, have their \"minds...blown so hard (he) can't even think about it.\" Furthermore, he stated that the second release \"will involve floppy disks and 3 extra songs not available on the download!!!\" True to his word, Bethancourt announced the release of the limited, second edition on March 9. Only 200 copies of the second version, which comes as a CD with a floppy disk as a sleeve and contains three exclusive songs, were released, according to his Facebook post regarding it. As of March 6, 2011, 'B-sides' is the highest-rated 'New Album' on Gogoyoko.com, garnering a rating of 9.2/10.
7th Avenue is the first studio album by rapper KJ-52, and his only release before signing to BEC Recordings. The album notably contains little to no pop influence, instead favoring old school hip hop, and KJ-52 has a more conventional flow here than in his BEC Recordings work, in which it is very simplistic. The album has been hailed as highly influential by such notable Christian hip hop artists such as Skribbal and LA Symphony. In 2004, it was re-released by Essential Records, with new tracks \"Lift Me Up\" (Jars of Clay cover), \"All Around the World\", \"Need Someone\", \"It's The S.O.I. (Remix)\", and \"12 Round Knockout\" added, and with all the skits, the \"Greatest M.C.\" intro, continue, and outro, and songs \"Cipha All Stars\" and \"They Know Not\" cut.
Lost and Found is a 1979 film co-written and directed by Melvin Frank and starring George Segal and Glenda Jackson. Featuring much of the same cast and crew as Frank's 1973 film A Touch of Class, this film is about a couple's constant meeting and clashing. It marked Martin Short's film debut.
Czerna [ˈt͡ʂɛrna] (German: Alteichen; until 1936: Klein Tschirne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Żukowice, 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Głogów, and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration and ethnically cleansed according to the post-war Potsdam Agreement. The native German populace was expelled and replaced with Poles.
At The Pier is an EP by the progressive rock band Nosound, released on Kscope. The initial release was limited to 2000 copies distributed as a Digipack that included a Nosound guitar pick/plectrum that was in a stamped brown envelope. It features a new lineup of members to include drummer Chris Maitland (Porcupine Tree, No-Man, Blackfield,|Kino, and I.E.M.) and Marco Berni on Keyboards. Marianne DeChastelaine is also featured on Cello in tracks 1 and 3.
Carl Hart (born 1966) is a professor of psychology and psychiatry at Columbia University. Hart is known for his research in drug abuse and drug addiction. Hart was the first tenured African American professor of sciences at Columbia University.
Wu Yanan (simplified Chinese: 吴 亚男; traditional Chinese: 吳 亞男; pinyin: Wú Yànán; born December 8, 1985 in Chuzhou, Anhui) is a Chinese sprint canoeist. She won a gold medal, as a member of the Chinese women's kayak four team, at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China, with a time of 1:34.440. Wu represented China at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where she competed in the women's K-2 500 metres. Wu and her partner Zhou Yu narrowly missed out on an Olympic medal in the A-final by almost fourteen hundredths of a second (0.14), finishing behind the Polish bronze-medal winning pair of Karolina Naja and Beata Mikołajczyk, with a time of 1:44.136.
Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] (Ukrainian: Селиська, Selys’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Nozdrzec, 17 km (11 mi) east of Brzozów, and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
All of Me is a 1934 American Pre-Code drama film starring Fredric March, Miriam Hopkins, and George Raft. The film was written by actor Thomas Mitchell and Sidney Buchman from Rose Porter's play Chrysalis, and directed by James Flood.
Toni Gonzaga is an independent and the eponymous debut studio album under Prime Music Inc. released on July 26, 2002, in CD format only, in the Philippines. All songs were recorded and mixed at Greenhill Sound Productions, Inc. The album was not known in years due to loss of promotions and the difficulty for her to engage in bigger market, until Gonzaga herself given the chance to showcase her talent as a singer in late 2005 when she released her first commercial single, We Belong. However, Hanggang Ngayon was Gonzaga's first credit as a songwriter. In early 2013, Toni Gonzaga was adopted by Viva Video, Inc. for nationwide distribution exclusively in Atroplus stores. The Viva team had made some changes on the album including the new set of tracks list from 5 to 11 numbers.
The Hugh Glenn House is a historic house located in The Dalles, Oregon, United States. It is one of the most notable and historically well-preserved Queen Anne-style houses in The Dalles. Hugh Glenn, a prominent architect and businessman in The Dalles, designed and built the house around 1882 and lived there until his death in 1927. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Joey Matenga Ashton (3 June 1907–8 November 1993) was a New Zealand railway worker, sportsman, dance band leader. Of Moriori and Māori descent, he identified with the Ngati Kahungunu and Ngati Mamoe iwi. He was born in Greytown, Wairarapa, New Zealand on 3 June 1907. He was the son of Te Ao Ahitana Matenga (Joseph Ashton) and Kiti Karaka Riwai.
Jonathan Levin High School for Media and Communications is a public high school located in The Bronx, New York City. It is one of six smaller specialty high schools located on the campus of the former William H. Taft High School, which was closed in 2008 and divided into separate collocated specialty schools. It is scheduled to close in June 2016.
LBC Express, Inc. (previously known as Luzon Brokerage Company) is a courier company based in the Philippines. It operates scheduled commercial vehicle cargo services in currently and planned cargo airline services begin on May 31, 2014. As of 2009, LBC has over 1,020 branches in the Philippines, and over 60 branches in the United States and Canada. It also has branches in Hong Kong, Brunei, Malaysia, Singapore, Japan, Germany, Spain, South Korea and Taiwan.
Vidya Mandir Senior Secondary School is a school in India, in the southern city of Chennai. Founded in 1956 by M. Subbaraya Aiyar, R. S. Subbalakshmi and Padmini Chari, the school recently celebrated its 60th anniversary. It follows the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) pattern of education. With just a handful of boys in 1956, studying at the Mylapore Ladies' Club premises, the school now has well over 2000 students, 100 teachers and 35 support staff, three school buildings in the same location and a branch at Estancia.
Auditions is a 1978 American erotic pseudo-documentary directed by Harry Hurwitz (credited as Harry Tampa). It was written by Albert Band and Charles Band, and stars Bonnie Werchan, Rick Cassidy and Linnea Quigley. Hurwitz also appears in the film as the director, although he is not credited. The film follows the process of casting actors and actresses for a pornographic film. Although several actual porn stars are in the film, it does not depict any actual sexual acts. It was remade in 1999 as Auditions from Beyond.
Cinemetropolis is the third full-length album by alternative hip hop group Blue Scholars. The album was released on June 14, 2011, with a pre-release to fans in mid-May. The album's title Cinemetropolis comes from a term coined by Sergei Eisenstein in his book Film Form. Geologic explained the concept of the album as a mash-up of life and cinema. He says in an interview, \"We're all residents of the Cinemetropolis now. If you've ever seen a moving image and it affected you somehow whether it be a music video, the nightly news, a movie, television, sitcoms, whatever... that... all that has become a part of our truth and how we see the world.\" The album is planned to be released with a series of online music video short films corresponding with songs on the album. The first, \"Slick Watts,\" premiered on May 18 and deals with the controversial relocation of the Seattle SuperSonics to Oklahoma.
Hose House No. 2 is a historic firestation at 30 Rantoul Street in Beverly, Massachusetts. It now houses a wireless telecommunication systems company. The building was constructed in 1905. It was designed by Kilham & Hopkins in a French Renaissance style. In addition to the traditional brass pole by which firemen reached the ground floor from the upper chambers, it also featured an electrical system which automatically turned on the lights when an alarm was sounded. The building has one garage bay, and a hip roof with ornately decorated and bracketed eaves. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Ujeździec Mały [uˈjɛʑd͡ʑɛt͡s ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Trzebnica, and 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
Nicholas Ian Shepherd-Barron (born 17 March 1955), is a British mathematician working in algebraic geometry. He is, since 2013, professor of mathematics at King's College London, having moved there from his previous position at the University of Cambridge. Having been a Fellow for more than 20 years, Shepherd-Barron retains a life Fellowship of Trinity College, Cambridge.
The Still Life is the third album by Alessi's Ark. The album was produced by Andy LeMaster in his studio in Athens, Georgia over a three-week period and Nic Nell in his London studio. It features 12 songs written by Laurent-Marke, including re-recordings of two songs (Money and Pinewoods) from the Rough Trade bonus CD that came with her debut album Notes from the Treehouse, and a cover of The National's Afraid of Everyone. It was released on April 15, 2013 in the UK and on April 30, 2013 in the US. Plug in Music praised the album, calling it \"a rich 13-song collection, imbued with a reflective sparkle by young singer/songwriter Alessi Laurent-Marke\".
Chah-e Naser Karami (Persian: چاه ناصركرمي‎‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Nāşer Karamī) is a village in Karkevand Rural District, in the Central District of Mobarakeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
The One and Only is a 2002 British romantic comedy film directed by Simon Cellan Jones, and starring Richard Roxburgh, Justine Waddell and Sharon Scurfield. The film is a remake of Susanne Bier's 1999 Danish box-office hit Den Eneste Ene. Supported by the Newcastle City Council to promote a positive image of the city, the story was reset in Newcastle and Gateshead.
Pachymitus is a monotypic plant genus in the mustard family Brassicaceae. The sole species is Pachymitus cardaminoides, commonly known as sand cress, which is native to Australia. It occurs in the states of New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia. Originally collected from near the mouth of the Murray River, the species was originally described as Sisymbrium cardaminoides by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1855, before the genus Pachymitus was erected by Otto Eugen Schulz in 1924. Pachymitus cardaminoides is a small herbaceous shrub which grows to 30 cm (12 in) in height. It is found in inland New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia.
Life Stories is the 13th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1986. This release, \"sets Klugh`s ballads against a variety of musical backgrounds, including violins, flutes, electric guitars and a variety of synthesizers\". As in some of his previous albums, Klugh is joined by David Matthews and Grammy Award winner Don Sebesky who conducted and arranged some of the songs.
The Lorax is a 2012 American computer-animated 3D musical fantasy comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment and based on Dr. Seuss' children's book of the same name. The film was released by Universal Pictures on March 2, 2012, the 108th birthday of Dr. Seuss. The second adaptation of the book, following the 1972 animated musical television special, the film builds on the book by expanding the story of Ted, the previously unnamed boy who visits the Once-ler. The cast includes Danny DeVito as the Lorax, Ed Helms as the Once-ler, and Zac Efron as Ted. New characters introduced in the film are Audrey (voiced by Taylor Swift), Mr. Aloysius O'Hare (Rob Riggle), Mrs. Wiggins, Ted's mother (Jenny Slate), and Grammy Norma (Betty White). The film received mixed reviews from critics and was a box office success, grossing $214 million domestically and $348.8 million worldwide based on a $70 million budget.
Bala Panjara (Kannada: ಬಾಳ ಪಂಜರ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film, directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Indian National Pictures (P) Ltd. The film stars Pandari Bai, Shailashree, K. S. Ashwath and Ranga in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vijaya Bhaskar.
Sady Górne [ˈsadɨ ˈɡurnɛ] (German: Ober Baumgarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Bolków, 19 km (12 mi) south of Jawor, and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has a population of 467.
Mäeltküla is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, in southern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 86. Ekseko farm, the biggest pig farm in the Baltic states with 37,500 pigs, is located in Mäeltküla It is the main producer of Rakvere Lihakombinaat's meat.
Unsettled Land (Hebrew: החולמים, lit. The Dreamers; also known as Once We Were Dreamers) is a 1987 Israeli drama directed by Uri Barbash. The film premiered in the International Competition at the Tokyo International Film Festival and was selected to be shown at the Israel Film Festival in New York. It also won awards for Best Cinematography (Amnon Salomon) and Best Art Direction (Eitan Levy) at the Israel Film Center.
Max Roach + 4 at Newport is a live album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded at the Newport Jazz Festival in 1958 and released on the EmArcy label.
At the Purple Onion is a live album by guitarist Lenny Breau with Don Francks and Eon Henstridge, recorded in 1962 and released in 2004. Breau, Francks and Henstridge performed as a trio called Three.
The Tudor Arms Apartments are a historic building in Portland, Oregon, United States. The five-story building was completed in 1915. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1994. The nineteenth-century Tudor Revival/Jacobethan style architecture was designed by noted Portland architect Carl L. Linde. The exterior is brick with decorative white glazed terra cotta lintels. An archway bearing the building's name marks the entrance into a landscaped courtyard. The leaded glass entry opens into a grand foyer paneled with mahogany wainscoting and underscored with marble flooring. Individual apartments have hardwood floors and original mill work. Located in Northwest or Nob Hill District, an area zoned for historic preservation, adjacent to the Pearl District and Downtown Portland, the building was converted to condominiums in 2006. In order to maintain its historical status most of its original features have been preserved.
Uss Paar (Urdu: اس پار, literal English translation: \"over there\") is the debut studio album of the Pakistani progressive rock band Qayaas, released on 23 April 2011 on BIY Records. The album was recorded and composed by founder, songwriter and lead guitarist Khurram Waqar. However, the release of the album earned the band a growing fan base in the underground music community and critical acclaim. Uss Paar is released to critical acclaim and commercial success. Five singles have been released in promotion of the album along with their music videos; \"Tanha\" in 2009, \"Pukaar\" in October 2010, \"Umeed\" and \"Shehrezade\" in 2011.
Qotbabad (Persian: قطب اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Qoţbābād; also known as Qoţābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,030, in 475 families.
The Rundetaarn, or Rundetårn (Round Tower in English), is a 17th-century tower located in central Copenhagen, Denmark. One of the many architectural projects of Christian IV, it was built as an astronomical observatory. It is most noted for its equestrian staircase, a 7.5-turn helical corridor leading to the top, and for the expansive views it affords over Copenhagen. The tower is part of the Trinitatis Complex which also provided the scholars of the time with a university chapel, the Trinitatis Church, and an academic library which was the first purpose-built facilities of the Copenhagen University Library which had been founded in 1482. Today the Round Tower serves as an observation tower for expansive views of Copenhagen, a public astronomical observatory and a historical monument. In the same time the Library Hall, located above the church and only accessible along the tower's ramp, is an active cultural venue with both exhibitions and a busy concert schedule.
Shrewsbury Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Kennedyville, Kent County, Maryland, United States. It is a rural parish church constructed in 1834, and remodeled to its present vernacular Gothic-influenced appearance in 1890. The church is constructed of brick and features a three-stage buttressed and crenelated tower at the entrance, a low one-story chancel, and Gothic influenced walnut furnishings. South Sassafras Parish, as it was originally known, was one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland. Shrewsbury Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Platanthera lacera is an orchid in the genus Platanthera, native throughout Eastern United States and Canada. It occurs in a variety of habitats ranging from “mesic and dry-mesic sand prairie, wet sedge meadow, calcareous fen, sphagnum bog, acid seep spring, dry field, mesic flatwoods, and mesic upland forests.”Common names include ragged fringed orchid  and green fringed orchid.
Street Sounds Hip Hop Electro 14 is the fourteenth compilation album in a series and was released 1986 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains eight electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
Piła Pierwsza [ˈpiwa ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wręczyca Wielka, 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kłobuck, and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 318.
...From the Pagan Vastlands is the third demo by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was recorded at the Warrior Studio in December 1993 and released in February 1994 by Pagan Records. A song titled From the Pagan Vastlands appeared on their debut album, Sventevith (Storming Near the Baltic). Frontman, Darski was 17 at the time of its recording and release.
Psammisia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae. It contains the fruiting bushes commonly called Joyapas and is distributed throughout the Neotropics. Species include: \n* Psammisia aberrans \n* Psammisia amazonica \n* Psammisia aurantiaca \n* Psammisia caloneura \n* Psammisia chionantha \n* Psammisia columbiensis \n* Psammisia corallina \n* Psammisia cuyujensis \n* Psammisia debilis \n* Psammisia dolichopoda \n* Psammisia ecuadorensis \n* Psammisia ferruginea \n* Psammisia fissilis \n* Psammisia flaviflora \n* Psammisia grabneriana \n* Psammisia guianensis \n* Psammisia idalima \n* Psammisia incana \n* Psammisia montana \n* Psammisia oreogenes \n* Psammisia orientalis \n* Psammisia pauciflora \n* Psammisia ramiflora \n* Psammisia roseiflora \n* Psammisia sclerantha \n* Psammisia sodiroi \n* Psammisia ulbrichiana
The Jerome City Pump House is a water works building located near Jerome, Idaho that was built in 1922 by stonemason H.T. Pugh. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Sij (Persian: سيج‎‎, also Romanized as Sīj) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 171, in 34 families.
Simon Cameron House and Bank consists of a historic home and bank building located at Middletown, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1833, and is a  2 1⁄2-story, 3-bay, brick building with a typical half-Georgian plan. Attached to the house is a  2 1⁄2-story, 3-bay, stone building, also with a typical half-Georgian plan. The stone structure originally housed the Cameron Bank, chartered in 1832. It was the primary home for the Simon Cameron (1799-1889) family from 1832 to 1855. Simon Cameron's son J. Donald Cameron (1833-1918) was born in the house. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Raven Songs 101 is a spoken-word album by Kevin Max and Adrian Belew. It features Max reading several poems from his book The Detritus of Dorian Gray. Belew provides the music and sound effects. Raven Songs was re-released as a digital download on April 7, 2009 by Max's current label, dPulse Recordings.
Once Upon A Time is a 2013 Malayalam animated film, directed by Binu Sasidharan and starring Salim Kumar and Mala Aravindan. Released on 24 May 2013, it is the first animated feature film to be produced in the Malayalam language, and it is Binu's first feature film, opting for a wide theatrical release rather than through domestic release as with his previous works.
Murder a la Mod is a 1968 film directed by Brian De Palma. The film was released in one cinema in New York City. It quickly disappeared not long after and was thought lost. However, the film was released by Criterion on Blu-ray in April 2011, as bonus feature to Blow Out. It was the first film for which Brian De Palma served as both writer and director. In De Palma's 1981 film Blow Out, Dennis Franz's character watches the film on TV.
Escape to Witch Mountain is a 1975 American fantasy-adventure film based on the novel Escape to Witch Mountain by Alexander Key. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions, released by Buena Vista Distribution Company and directed by John Hough.
Detour is a 1945 American film noir directed by Edgar G. Ulmer starring Tom Neal and Ann Savage. It was adapted by Martin Goldsmith and Martin Mooney (uncredited) from Goldsmith's eponymous 1939 novel and released by the Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC), one of the so-called \"poverty row\" film studios in mid-twentieth century Hollywood. Although made on a small budget, with bare sets and straightforward camera work, Detour has gathered much praise through the years and is held in high regard. In 1992, Detour was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". The film has fallen into the public domain and is freely available from online sources. There are many DVD editions.
St. Paul's African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Urbana, Ohio, United States. Built in the Greek Revival style in 1876, it is home to a congregation that was founded in the mid-1820s.
Lisewiec [liˈsɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbudy, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kolbudy, 10 km (6 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański, and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk. For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 218.
Virgilius Justin Capră (22 February 1933 – 19 January 2015) was a Romanian engineer and inventor. Born in Măgureni, Prahova County, he was trained as an aeronautical engineer. He claimed to have devised over a hundred inventions, although a search revealed only two patents in his name. Machines on which he worked included 72 fuel-efficient cars, 15 unconventional engines and seven aircraft. He reported that as early as 1949-1950, he built a motor that would respond to verbal commands. A 1955 two-wheel automobile, which he dubbed the Virgilius, used an airplane motor, reached 300 km/hour and weighed 250 kg. One of his cars, which he called the Soleta and which he modeled in 1973, was unusually small. It consumed 0.5 liters of gasoline per 100 km. Later, he continued developing prototypes for battery-powered motors, with a particular focus on increased efficiency and decreased weight. Perhaps his most notorious claim is to have invented the jet pack. According to an interview he gave, he proposed this device to the Romanian Academy in 1956 and completed it in 1958. When the Academy declined to show interest, he offered it to the American Embassy, which was also uninterested. He was then jailed by the Communist regime for having approached the embassy. He claimed to have flown the device and received a patent in 1958. Although he later showed photographs of a device, he was unable to prove when he built it, whether he flew it or when the photographs were taken. He never explained how he learned to fly his device, how long he stayed airborne, how many times he flew it, or why there is no contemporary documentation of the flight. Nevertheless, in Romania alone, his claim to have invented the jet pack is widely believed. While Capră undoubtedly built two jet pack-like devices, the second one dated from the mid-1960s, and he claimed that as the groundbreaking model. At the same time, he admitted his 1958 design did not work. Still, he claimed that an American design for a jet pack only appeared in 1962, four years after his own. However, one team from Bell Laboratories applied for a patent in 1960, while another, from Thompson Ramo Woolridge in Ohio, filed in 1958, the same year Capră said he filed in Romania. Despite the shakiness of Capră's assertions, it is widely accepted in Romania that at least one of his jet packs was flown before Bell's. Additionally, many Romanian sources on Capră state that \"the Americans\" stole his design. What likely transpired is that Capră' who had no independent evidence he built anything before 1967, saw the Bell model fly and copied it. This second model is in a museum in Bucharest, although he probably never flew it. Late in life, he began to state that he beat Bell by two years. A resident of Filipeștii de Pădure in his later years, he died in Ploiești.
Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 15 families.
Solma is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4093 people living in 717 individual households.Solma is a Village Development Committee (VDC) lies on western part of Tehrathum District. The main ethnicity distribution of this VDC is Limbu (1190), Bramans (873), Kchhetri (663), Magar (381), Gurungs(287), Newar (166), Tamang (43) Kami (119)and Dam/Darji (100), Bhujel/Gharti (47). This VDC have one high school named Ratna Higher Secondary School, one Health Post, Post Office, Agriculture and Veterinary Center. The altitudinal distribution and ecological distribution is the beauty of this VDC. Tea (Beautiful tea Garden in Bokre), Large Cardamom, Chiraito, Ginger, Orange, Cabbage are major cash crop and Paddy, Maize, Potato, Wheat are food crops of this VDC. The VDC is also part of Tinjure Milke Jaljale (TMJ) also called capital of Rhododendron from where you can see panoramic view of Himalayan Range with Mt. Kanchanjunga, Mt Kumbhakarna, Mt. Makalu and Mt Everest.
Ghost Banana Tree (Cambodian title: Khmoach Daoem Chek Chvia, Khmer: ខ្មោចដើមចេកជ្វា) is a 2005 film. It is a successful Cambodian horror film based on a Cambodian ghost story about a vengeful ghost woman haunting a banana tree and killing her husband. It's the fourth successful horror film by Campro production, following Neang Neath, The Forest and The Haunted House.
Dul-e Mish (Persian: دول ميش‎‎, also Romanized as Dūl-e Mīsh) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 7 families.
Dowgol Station (Persian: ايستگاه دوگل‎‎ – Īstgāh-e Dowgol) is a village and railway station in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 7 families.
Sonic & Knuckles • Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is a soundtrack album to the 1994 platform video games Sonic the Hedgehog 3 and Sonic & Knuckles, developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega as part of the Sonic the Hedgehog series. Released on October 19, 1994 by Alfa Music/Game Music Organisation (G.M.O.) Records, the album features select music from both games arranged by Akinori Minami.
Baneh Dan (Persian: بنه دان‎‎, also Romanized as Baneh Dān and Boneh Dān) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 202, in 48 families.
Leonidas Sabanis (sometimes spelled Leonidas Sampanis Greek: Λεωνίδας Σαμπάνης) is a Greek retired weightlifter, who represented Greece in 1996, 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics. He has also been a World Champion representing Greece.
The Shriver Center, located at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, USA, was first opened as the University Center in 1958. Later it was renamed as the Phillip R. Shriver Center, and provided space for not just the student body at the University, but also for faculty, staff and the greater Oxford community. Today the student body is triple the size it was 50 years ago when the University Center first opened. Although the building is still a cornerstone of the Miami University Campus, due to high demand from the community and severe limitations on space, there is little room left for students. Therefore a new student union building, the Armstrong Student Center was built, located diagonally across from the Shriver Center, in the heart of Miami University’s campus. Miami University's Student Shriver Center wasn’t built and allowed for public use until 1957. It was originally known as the University Center and was made as a center designed specifically for students after World War II. Prior to this being built, the students did not have a center dedicated specifically to them. The closest thing the student body had for recreational purposes – other than a gym – was what was known as the Miami’s Redskin Reservation, which was simply a dining hall. After World War II, students petitioned for a center for themselves.
The Soldiers of Pancho Villa (Spanish: La Cucaracha) is a 1959 Mexican epic historical drama film co-written, produced, and directed by Ismael Rodríguez, inspired by the popular Mexican Revolution corrido \"La Cucaracha\". It stars María Félix and Dolores del Río in the lead roles, and features Emilio Fernández, Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, and Pedro Armendáriz in supporting roles. The film was nominated for a Golden Palm award at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. It was named the ninety-sixth best film of Mexican cinema by Somos magazine.
Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Korsze, 18 km (11 mi) west of Kętrzyn, and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 20.
Best is the second live album performed by saxophonist Kenny G, featuring a very similar track listing to The Essential Kenny G. The only difference is Track 15, which is a Mandarin version of \"Be My Lady\", replacing \"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas\". It was released by Sony BMG in 2006.
Linda Ronstadt is the third solo studio album by Linda Ronstadt, released in early 1972 on the Capitol Records label. The album was a sales failure, prompting Linda's exit from Capitol Records. It peaked at #163 on Billboard's Pop Album Chart and #35 on Billboard's Country Album Chart. It is considered to be a front-runner in the country rock music genre.
Nardeh Shahr (Persian: نرده شهر‎‎, also Romanized as Nardeh-ye Shahr; also known as Nīdeh Shahr and Nīdshahr) is a village in Balesh Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 750, in 170 families.
The Branson School (also known as Branson, Branson School, or KBS) is a co-educational college-preparatory high school for students in grades 9–12. The school has 320 students, and is located in Ross, California, 11 miles north of San Francisco.
Wierzbowo [vjɛʐˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Iłowo-Osada, 8 km (5 mi) south of Działdowo, and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 270.
Singatalur also spelled as Shingatalur (Kannada:  ಸಿಂಗಟಾಲೂರು, ಶಿಂಗಟಾಲೂರು ) is a village in the Mundargi taluk of Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Singatalur is located south to district headquarters Gadag and Taluka headquarters Mundargi
The Holy Trinity Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession (Polish: Kościół Świętej Trójcy), also known as Zug's Protestant Church (Polish: Zbór Zuga) is a Lutheran church in Warsaw, Poland. This is one of two Augsburg Evangelical churches in Warsaw. Designed and constructed by Szymon Bogumił Zug, it is one of the largest churches in Warsaw and one of the most notable for its design.
Four Dimensions (Chinese: 四度空間) is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boyband Lollipop F's fourth studio Mandarin album. It was released on 6 November 2010 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan). This album is the group's first release after changing their name from \"Lollipop\" to \"Lollipop F\", in October 2010, and the departure of two members. The title track \"四度空間\" (Four Dimensions) is listed at number 76 on Hit Fm Taiwan's Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2010. The album was awarded one of the Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year at the 2010 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.
Hai-Tang is a 1930 British-German drama film directed by Richard Eichberg and Jean Kemm and starring  Anna May Wong, Marcel Vibert and Robert Ancelin. It was made at Elstree Studios as the French-language version of The Flame of Love, which also starred Anna May Wong. A separate German version (The Road to Dishonour) was also released. Such multiple-language versions were common during the early years of sound before dubbing became more widespread.
Atlantic Superstore is a Canadian supermarket chain of 54 stores in the Maritimes of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Island. It is owned by George Weston Limited through Loblaw Companies Limited, and operates under the Atlantic Wholesalers division of Loblaws. The stores range in size from 45,000 to over 120,000 square feet (4,000 to over 10,000 m²) in size.
Mugavaree (English: Address) is a 2000 Tamil drama film directed by V. Z. Durai and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film features Ajith Kumar in the lead role as a struggling musician with Jyothika, Raghuvaran, Vivek and K.Vishwanath playing supporting roles. The music is composed by Deva, whilst the film featured award-winning cinematrography by P. C. Sriram. The story revolves around the conflicting emotions of ambition, love and responsibility that the protagonist, Sridhar played by Ajith Kumar, goes through in his quest to become a successful music composer. The film opened in February 2000 to critical acclaim.
Eremochloa is a genus of Asian and Australian plants in the grass family. Species 1.  \n*  Eremochloa attenuata Buit. - Thailand 2.  \n*  Eremochloa bimaculata Hack. - Guizhou, Hubei, Sichuan, Yunnan, Cambodia, Myanmar, New Guinea, Thailand, Vietnam, Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria 3.  \n*  Eremochloa ciliaris (L.) Merr. - Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hainan, Taiwan, Yunnan, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, New Guinea, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Queensland 4.  \n*  Eremochloa ciliatifolia Hack. - Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam 5.  \n*  Eremochloa eriopoda C.E.Hubb. - Indochina, Sulawesi 6.  \n*  Eremochloa lanceolata Buit. - Thailand 7.  \n*  Eremochloa maxwellii Veldkamp - Thailand 8.  \n*  Eremochloa muricata (Retz.) Hack. - Guangdong, Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Tamil Nadu 9.  \n*  Eremochloa ophiuroides (Munro) Hack. - Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hainan, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Taiwan, Zhejiang, Vietnam 10.  \n*  Eremochloa pectinata Buit. - India, Sri Lanka 11.  \n*  Eremochloa petelotii Merr. - Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia 12.  \n*  Eremochloa renvoizei Traiperm & Boonkerd - Vietnam 13.  \n*  Eremochloa zeylanica (Trimen) Hack. - Yunnan, Guangxi, Sri Lanka, Andaman Islands
Cecropia is a Neotropical genus consisting of sixty-one recognized species with a highly distinctive lineage of dioecious trees. The genus consists of pioneer trees in the more or less humid parts of the Neotropics, with the majority of the species being myrmecophytic. Berg and Rosselli state that the genus is characterized by some unusual traits: spathes fully enclosing the flower-bearing parts of the inflorescences until anthesis, patches of dense indumentums (trichilia) producing Mullerian (food) at the base of the petiole, and anthers becoming detached at anthesis. Cecropia is most studied for its ecological role and association with ants. Its classification is controversial; in the past it has been placed in the Cecropiaceae, Moraceae (the mulberry family), or Urticaceae (the nettle family). The modern Angiosperm Phylogeny Group system places the \"cecropiacean\" group in the Urticaceae. The genus is native to the American tropics, where it is one of the most recognizable components of the rainforest. The genus is named after Cecrops I, the mythical first king of Athens. Common local names include yarumo or yagrumo, or more specifically yagrumo hembra (\"female yagrumo\") to distinguish them from the similar-looking but unrelated Schefflera (which are called yagrumo macho, \"male yagrumo\"). In English, these trees are occasionally called pumpwoods (though this may also refer to C. schreberiana specifically) or simply Cecropias. Spanish-speaking countries in Central American, Mexico, the Caribbean, Colombia and Ecuador commonly use the vernacular name, “guarumo”.
Wonderlustre is the fourth studio album by the British rock band Skunk Anansie. It was the band's first full studio album since Post Orgasmic Chill in 1999. It was released on 13 September 2010 in Europe on V2 Records, earMUSIC and Carosello Records and was preceded by the single \"My Ugly Boy\", which was released on 16 August 2010. The album is available digitally, as a single CD, a 2 CD tour edition set, a CD/DVD digipack and as a 12\" double LP.
The Seth Knapp Jr. House is a historic colonial American house at 82 Water Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. It is a two story brick structure, with a gambrel roof pierced by gabled dormers, a four bay facade, and a central chimney. A single-story ell extends to the rear. The house was built c. 1735 for Ichabod Wood, and is the only surviving pre-1850 brick house in the town. The bricks were locally produced at a brickworks on the nearby Palmer River. Seth Knapp Jr., a later owner, made shoes on the property. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Godzieszowa [ɡɔd͡ʑeˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Długołęka, and 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has a population of 310.
ANSWER, released on February 25, 2009 is Angela Aki's 3rd Japanese studio album. It sold 74,068 copies in its first week, peaking at Number 1 on the Oricon charts. It includes a re-recording of We're All Alone, a song that she had previously covered on One. This marks the second time Angela has re-recorded a song from that 2005 Indie album for inclusion on a major label release. It was released in two editions - the regular Cd edition, and a limited first-press only edition which includes a DVD.
The Jósika ['yɔ:şikɔ] domain in Surduc, a village in Sălaj County, Romania, consists of a low-rise castle on the left bank of Someș River and a crypt built on a steep cliff at the entrance from Jibou into the village. The crypt, locally known as \"Baron's crypt\" (Romanian: Cripta baronului), was built in 1825, in the memory of Miklós Jósika's father who died a year before. On the facade can be read \"Parenti optimo pietas proculium posuit ano. MDCCCXXVII-mo\", an inscription executed in 1828 by Hirschfeld Friedrich, a sculptor born in Debrecen. Here lived and worked from 1824 until 1853, writer Miklós Jósika, founder of the Hungarian romantic novel. Between the walls of the castle, he wrote the historical novel \"Abafi\", his style being likened to Walter Scott. Members of Jósika family, originating in the north of the current Hunedoara County, contributed significantly to the rise and final appearance of the castle. It is important from a historical perspective, because here Prince of Transylvania Francis II Rákóczi served a last lunch with Csáky István before the battle of Zsibó (today Jibou) of November 15, 1705, lost to the Austrian imperial army led by General Ludwig von Herbeville. The castle is included in the List of Historical Monuments elaborated by the Ministry of Culture, as monument of local importance.
Chah-e Amiq Taheri (Persian: چاه عميق طاهري‎‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Ţāherī; also known as Ābādī Ţāherābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 19 families.
Dash Bolagh (Persian: داش بلاغ‎‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 12 families.
Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] (German Zlattnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prószków, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Prószków and 9 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Some Enchanted Evening is the second live album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in September 1978 (see 1978 in music). It is Blue Öyster Cult's best selling album, having sold two million copies, including over a million in the United States. The album's seven original tracks were recorded at various locations in the United States and England. The album was re-issued on CD in early 2007 on Legacy Recordings and included seven previously unreleased bonus tracks recorded in various locations around the US, along with a DVD entitled Some OTHER Enchanted Evening, which featured a previously unreleased performance videotaped at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland in the spring of 1978. In chronological order the songs were recorded at: \n*  Track 8 recorded 12/31/77, Rochester, New York \n*  Tracks 10–13 recorded 1/30/78, Detroit, Michigan \n*  Track 14 recorded 1/31/78, Boston, Massachusetts \n*  Tracks 6 & 9 recorded 4/9/78, Little Rock, Arkansas (track 6 original album) \n*  Tracks 1 & 4 recorded 4/13/78, Atlanta, Georgia (original album) \n*  Tracks 2-3 recorded 4/11/78, Columbus, Georgia (original album) \n*  Tracks 5 & 7 recorded 6/1/78, Newcastle, England (original album)
Love Is is the first EP released by British-Japanese musician MiChi, released on 22 December 2010. It is her first non-single release since her debut album Up to You was released in 2009. All four of the songs featured on the EP are used in various commercials and advertisements. The title song was sent to Japanese radio stations as the first single on 19 November, with the music video premiering in early December. It also contains a cover of The Offspring's \"Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)\", MiChi's first cover song since 2009's \"Kiss Kiss xxx\". This makes it her seventh cover song, following her cover versions of songs by The Spice Girls, Nirvana, Avril Lavigne, Queen, Des'ree and Fergie.
Pass It On is a 2008 album by the Dave Holland Sextet. The album features a re-worked and expanded version of the quintet. Long-standing collaborator Robin Eubanks is kept on. Dave Holland Big Band members, Antonio Hart and Alex Sipiagin are also featured on this set. Rounding out the all-star rhythm section are Mulgrew Miller and Eric Harland. The resulting performance plays less like a reworked sextet, than that of a very small big band.
Senagun (Persian: سنگون‎‎, also Romanized as Senāgūn and Sangūn; also known as Şenūgān) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 357, in 81 families.
Danthonia compressa is a species of grass known by the common names mountain oatgrass, flattened oatgrass, and slender oatgrass. It is native to North America, where it can be found in eastern Canada and the eastern United States. In the southern part of its range it is restricted to the high elevations of the Appalachian Mountains. This grass is a perennial plant with thin, compressed stems reaching up to about 80 centimeters in length, sometimes lying decumbent. Most of the leaves are located at the bases of the stems. The inflorescence is a panicle of up to 17 spikelets, with two or three per branch. The spikelet has a short, bent awn. The grass reproduces by seed and by sprouting new stems from buds on the stem bases. This grass grows in oak and hickory forests, woods, and meadows. It is a common grass on grassy balds in the southern Appalachians, where it occurs with redtop (Agrostis alba), timothy (Phleum pratense), Canada bluegrass (Poa compressa), Kentucky bluegrass (P. pratensis), red fescue (Festuca rubra), five-fingers (Potentilla canadensis), and sheep sorrel (Rumex acetosella). It is a dominant species in the Great Smoky Mountains. It sometimes grows as a weed in crop fields.
Dubrising is a studio album by Jamaican reggae rhythm section and production duo Sly and Robbie. Released on 2 December 2014 through Tabou 1 record label, the album features contributions from keyboardist Dan Donovan of Big Audio Dynamite and audio engineer Paul \"Groucho\" Smykle, marking their first collaboration in 30 years with the latter.
The Esma Sultan Mansion (Turkish: Esma Sultan Yalısı), a historical yalı (English: waterside mansion) located at Bosphorus in Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey and named after its original owner Esma Sultan, is used today as a cultural center after being redeveloped.
Mały Mędromierz [ˈmawɨ mɛnˈdrɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Tuchola and 52 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz. The village has a population of 480.
Jefrud-e Pain (Persian: جفرودپائين‎‎, also Romanized as Jefrūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Licharegi-ye Hasan Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 760, in 228 families.
Pakhapani is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4581 people living in 695 individual households.
Louise Napier Johnson was born on 26 September 1940 at South Bank Nursing Home, Worcester, as the second of three daughters of George Edmund Johnson (1904–1992), a wool broker then serving in the RAF, and his wife, Elizabeth Minna, née King (1914–1992). The family was living at White Cottage, Rushwick, near Worcester, at the time.
Zagster is a venture-funded startup company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts that designs, builds and operates bike sharing programs for cities, universities, corporate campuses, hotels, and residential communities across the United States. Zagster currently operates over 100 bike sharing programs including systems for Cornell University, Yale University, Cleveland, Ohio, Quicken Loans, Hyatt, General Motors, The Related Companies, Irvine Company and Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts.
John L. Forster Secondary School, often referred to as J.L. Forster or Forster, is a high school in the west end of Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Founded in 1922 as General Byng Elementary School, it was later repurposed as a secondary school; it also underwent two name changes, eventually being named after its first principal. It is located within the authority of the Greater Essex County District School Board (GECDSB) and has been assessed at 2.1 out of 10 in academic performance by the Fraser Institute.
Goon: Last of the Enforcers is an upcoming Canadian-American sports comedy film written by Jay Baruchel and Jesse Chabot as a sequel to the 2011 film Goon. The film was directed by Baruchel in his directorial debut and stars Elisha Cuthbert, Seann William Scott, Baruchel, Liev Schreiber, Alison Pill, Wyatt Russell, Marc-André Grondin and Kim Coates. Principal photography began in Toronto on June 22, 2015.
Jowhari (Persian: جوهري‎‎, also Romanized as Jowharī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Dhanakaul Purba  is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5089 people living in 920 individual households.
Neoscortechinia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1897. It is native to Southeast Asia and Papuasia. Species 1.  \n*  Neoscortechinia angustifolia (Airy Shaw) Welzen - Sabah, Kalimantan 2.  \n*  Neoscortechinia forbesii (Hook.f.) S.Moore - New Guinea, Admiralty Islands, Bismarck Archipelago, Solomon Islands 3.  \n*  Neoscortechinia kingii (Hook.f.) Pax & K.Hoffm. - W Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo  4.  \n*  Neoscortechinia nicobarica (Hook.f.) Pax & K.Hoffm. - Nicobar Islands, Myanmar, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, W New Guinea 5.  \n*  Neoscortechinia philippinensis (Merr.) Welzen - Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, W Indonesia, Philippines 6.  \n*  Neoscortechinia sumatrensis S.Moore - W Malaysia, N. Sumatra, Simeuluë, Borneo
Kalmia polifolia, previously known as Kalmia glauca and commonly called bog laurel, swamp laurel, or pale laurel, is a perennial evergreen shrub of cold acidic bogs, in the family Ericaceae. It is native to north-eastern North America, from Newfoundland to Hudson Bay southwards.
David Copperfield is a 1935 American film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer based upon the Charles Dickens novel The Personal History, Adventures, Experience, & Observation of David Copperfield the Younger. A number of characters and incidents from the novel were omitted – notably David's time at Salem House boarding school, although one character he met at Salem House (Steerforth) was retained for the film as a head boy at the school David attended after his aunt Betsey Trotwood gained custody of him. The story was adapted by Hugh Walpole from the Dickens novel, and the film was directed by George Cukor from a screenplay by Howard Estabrook and Lenore J. Coffee, who was not credited.
Young Bride is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Garrett Fort, Ralph Murphy and Jane Murfin. The film stars Helen Twelvetrees, Eric Linden, Arline Judge, Roscoe Ates and Polly Walters. The film was released on April 8, 1932, by RKO Pictures.
Greater Need is the fifth studio album, released in 1996, by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan. It included three singles, all of which entered the Billboard country singles charts: \"By My Side\" (a duet with then-husband Jon Randall), \"I Just Might Be\" and \"Good as I Was to You.\" Allmusic rated the album three stars out of five, with its review by Thom Owens saying that some tracks were \"filler\" but that \"Morgan's performance is consistently stunning.\"
Friedrich-Wilhelm Wichmann (31 August 1901 – 19 November 1974) was a German sprinter. He was part of the German 4 × 100 m relay teams that set four world records in 1928. He competed in the 100 m event at the 1928 Summer Olympics, but his result is unknown.
The Nine Partners Meeting House and Cemetery is located at the junction of NY state highway 343 and Church Street, in the village of Millbrook, New York, United States. The meeting house, the third one on the site, was built by a group of Friends (\"Quakers\") from the Cape Cod region, Nantucket and Rhode Island in 1780. It was the largest meeting in the Hudson Valley, and many other meetings split off from it. Unusually, it was located near a developed area, and the Friends in it were more prosperous than their co-religionists elsewhere in the region. Its size and use of brick, along with several other architectural features, are unusual for meeting houses. Attendance at meetings dwindled over the course of the 19th century, and in 1897 control of the property was turned over to the Nine Partners Burial Ground Association. It is still used for occasional Quaker events, and is well preserved from the days of its regular use. In 1989 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of a Multiple Property Submission of Quaker meeting houses in Dutchess County.
Dave Smith Motors is a car dealership in Kellogg, Idaho, that attracts customers from all over the country. The dealership has a reputation for being the \"World’s Largest Ram Dealer\".
Madame de La Pommeraye's Intrigues (German: Die Intrigen der Madame de La Pommeraye) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Olga Gsowskaja, Margarete Schlegel and Grete Berger. The film was produced by Russo Film, a short-lived company backed by Decla-Bioscop which aimed to adapt literary works for the screen. It was based on a story by Denis Diderot. It premiered at the Tauentzienpalast on 20 January 1922.
Boreczek [bɔˈrɛt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Małkinia Górna, 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka, and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
Malus trilobata, the Lebanese wild apple, erect crab apple or three-lobed apple tree, is a species in the family Rosaceae in the genus Malus.  Some authorities place it in the segregate genus Eriolobus, as Eriolobus trilobatus.
Hans Jørgen Hansen (October 6, 1879 – December 10, 1966) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was a member of the Danish field hockey team, which won the silver medal.
Balhashcvetmet (\"Ferrous Metallurgy of Balkhash;\" formerly known as \"BGMC, for Balkhash Mining and Metallurgical Combine; IPA: [bɐlˈxaʂskʲɪj ˈgornə mʲɪtəlʊrɡʲitɕɪskʲɪj kəmʲbʲɪˈnat]) is a copper-smelting combine located on the northern coast of the Lake Balkhash in Balkhash, Kazakhstan.
Perfetti Van Melle is a privately held Italian-Dutch global manufacturer of confectionery and gum. It was formed in 2001 with the acquisition of Van Melle of Netherlands by the Perfetti group of Italy. Its corporate headquarters is in Schiphol, Netherlands. Perfetti Van Melle is the third largest confectionery manufacturer in the world after Mondelēz International and Mars, Incorporated. It employs 17,000 people via 30 subsidiary companies and distributes its products in over 159 countries. Their US headquarters is located in Erlanger, a Kentucky suburb of Cincinnati.
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second studio album by American rock band My Chemical Romance, released on June 8, 2004. It is My Chemical Romance's first release through Reprise. Their first and previous album, I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love, was released through Eyeball Records. It is the band's final release to feature drummer Matt Pelissier, who would later be replaced by Bob Bryar. The album was certified platinum in less than a year from its release. The album has sold over one million copies in the United States. In Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge, My Chemical Romance produced a cleaner sound than that of what they produced in I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love. The album was a success for both the band and the label, although it did meet with mixed reception. The album lifted the popularity for My Chemical Romance more than I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love had. Gerard Way has described the album as a \"pseudo-conceptual horror story\". The four released singles from the record included \"I'm Not Okay (I Promise)\", \"Helena\", \"The Ghost of You\", and in the United Kingdom, \"Thank You for the Venom\". The non-single tracks on the album have been praised as some of the album's \"bests\" as well, such as \"Hang 'Em High\" and \"The Jetset Life is Gonna Kill You\". Gerard Way, the lead singer of the band, drew the album's cover artwork himself.
Under the Influence is the seventeenth studio album by British hard rock band Foghat.Kim Simmonds, the guitarist of Savoy Brown, which Earl and two other men left to form Foghat, makes an appearance. Also, Nick Jameson, who played bass on “Slow Ride,” sat it on a new version of their biggest hit which celebrates the 40th anniversary of the song.The band launched a Pledgemusic Campaign on 10 November 2015. The album is completely fan-funded.
Your Choice Live Series 019 is a live album by Steel Pole Bath Tub. It was recorded live at Alte Turnhalle in Albig, Germany by Rock City Studios on September 17, 1992 and mixed in San Francisco by Steel Pole Bath Tub. This album is the first full-length live album by Steel Pole Bath Tub, produced by Tobby Holzinger. More live material by Steel Pole Bath Tub has been released on a limited (and sold out) \"live\" 7 inch that was recorded in Alzey, Germany on January 23, 1991. It has been re-released as a part of the two CDs compilation Your Choice Records – the 7 inches.
Maratón (English title The Marathon) is a 1968 Czechoslovak film celebrating the liberation of Prague by Red Army. The film was directed by Ivo Novák starring Jaromír Hanzlík, Jana Brejchová, Karel Höger and Vladimír Menšík. The movie follows two separated storylines: In one, young Czech Ruda Střecha (Jaromír Hanzlík) is liberated from Pankrác gestapo prison at the beginning of the Prague uprising, 5th May 1945. He meets young servant-maid Karla (Jana Brejchová) and together they try to escape from Prague surrounded by German troops but they are inevitably drawn into the fighting. The same day, Jarda Střecha (Vladimír Menšík) older brother of Ruda, who fights as the soldier of the 1st Czechoslovak Army Corps in Carpathian mountains hears about the uprising in Prague and is immediately transferred to Saxony. As the prewar truck driver he now becomes a guide to the 3rd Guards Tank Army of the general Rybalko (Karel Höger) and witnesses the bravery and sacrifice of Soviet soldiers in their  \"race to Prague\". The story culminates by the liberation of Prague on 9th May 1945.
Little Angel is Ana Johnsson's second album, released on October 18, 2006, in Sweden and in Japan on February 14, 2007. The album had sold over 20,500 copies in Japan by April 13, 2007.
The Columbus County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Whiteville, Columbus County, North Carolina. The two-story Classical Revival style building was designed by Joseph F. Leitner's firm, and built in 1914-1915. It is a rectangular brick and concrete building and features a pedimented, tetrastyle Doric order portico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Lithodora nitida is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae. It is endemic to Spain. It is known by the common name viniebla azul. This species is known from just a few mountain ranges. It occurs in thickets on rocky or sandy dolomite soils. It is associated with species such as Convolvulus boissieri, Pterocephalus spathulatus, Helianthemum frigidulum, Hormathophylla lapeyrousiana, Centaurea granatensis, Thymus granatensis, Sideritis incana, Viola cazorlensis, Erinacea anthyllis, Echinospartum boissieri, Genista longipes, and Vella spinosa. The species is threatened by grazing and fire.
Ahmad Jamal at the Top: Poinciana Revisited is a live album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded at The Village Gate in 1968 and released on the Impulse! label.
Pinehurst School is a private education institute located in Auckland, New Zealand with a roll of approximately 650 students. The institute was established in 1991, The school is relatively new compared to the other private schools in the region of Albany, though has matured greatly over the past 25 years. 2016 is the 25th anniversary of the school. The school is well known for its students' success in IGCSE examination syndicate and was granted the University of Cambridge fellowship in 2007 for their outstanding results in these examinations. Also in the year 2007, the leader of the National party John Key opened the new arts and drama facility.
Worldly Goods is a 1924 American comedy silent film directed by Paul Bern and written by Sophie Kerr and A. P. Younger. The film stars Agnes Ayres, Patrick H. O'Malley, Jr., Victor Varconi, Edythe Chapman, Bert Woodruff, Maude George and Cecille Evans. The film was released on November 24, 1924, by Paramount Pictures.
Zebrahead is the soundtrack to the 1992 film, Zebrahead. It was released on October 13, 1992 through Ruffhouse Records. The soundtrack is best known for containing Nas's debut single \"Halftime\".
Shamrock is a city in Wheeler County, Texas, United States. As of the 2000 census, the city had a total population of 2,029. The city is located in the eastern portion of the Texas Panhandle centered along the crossroads of Interstate 40 (formerly U.S. Route 66) and U.S. Route 83. It is 110 miles (180 km) east of Amarillo, 188 miles (303 km) west of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and 291 miles (468 km) northwest of Dallas.
Witków [ˈvitkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Świdnica, and 46 kilometres (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Najafabad (Persian: نجف اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Najafābād) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 7 families.
Unbelievable is the second studio album by German recording artist Sarah Connor, released by X-Cell Records on September 30, 2002 in German-speaking Europe. Connor re-teamed with Rob Tyger and Kay Denar to work on the majority of the production of the album, consulting additional help from Wyclef Jean, Jerry Duplessis, Bülent Aris, Sugar P, and Triage. While the album failed to link on the success of its predecessor Green Eyed Soul, it peaked at number 10 on the German Media Control albums chart, selling more than 250,000 copies domestically. Unbelievable also was released in a Spanish edition. Altogether the album spawned four singles: Jean-produced and featured \"One Nite Stand (of Wolves and Sheep)\", the ballad \"Skin on Skin\", \"He's Unbelievable\" (based on a sample of Tupac Shakur's \"California Love\"), and Connor's North American debut single \"Bounce\".
Kuy Parian (Persian: كوئ پريان‎‎, also Romanized as Kūy Parīān) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
North Star High School is a public High School, located in northern Somerset County, and is named after the former North Star Way (now Flight 93 Memorial Highway) that travels through the district. North Star is a merger of the Jenner-Boswell and Forbes School District in 1969.
L'amante di Gramigna (internationally released as The Bandit) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. For this film Stefania Sandrelli was awarded as Best Actress at the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
Arthur Martin Vineberg, OC (May 24, 1903 – March 26, 1988) was a Canadian cardiac surgeon, university lecturer and author. He was \"famous for his experimental and clinical studies in revascularization of the heart\". Born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, he received a degree in biochemistry and experimental physiology at McGill University. He was a heart surgeon at Montreal's Royal Victoria Hospital and a lecturer in the Faculty of Medicine of McGill University. He is known for having developed a surgical procedure called the \"Vineberg Procedure\" which involved implanting the left mammary artery into the left ventricle of the heart. He first did this procedure in 1946 on an experimental basis and at the Royal Victoria Hospital in 1950. He published two books, How to Live with your Heart; the Family Guide to Heart Health (1975) and Myocardial Revascularization by Arterial/Ventricular Implants (1982). He was working on his third book, The Complete Guide to Heart Health, before his death. In 1986, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, Canada's highest civilian honour.
St. Mary's Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel located at 900 Hillsborough Street in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States. The chapel is on the grounds of St. Mary's School, a college-preparatory boarding and day school founded in the 1840s. The 19th century building was designed by noted architect Richard Upjohn in the Gothic Revival style and later expanded. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1970.
The Fleet Foxes is a self-released EP by the Seattle, Washington-based band Fleet Foxes. Sold by the band at local shows in Seattle, only 50 copies were made. It was released in the fall of 2006 around the Seattle area, and its success led to the eventual signing of Fleet Foxes to Sub Pop records. The album was produced and recorded by veteran Seattle producer Phil Ek.
Paul Saltman (11 April 1928 – 27 August 1999) was a Professor of Biology at the University of California, San Diego, for more than three decades, and an internationally renowned nutrition expert. He received a B.S. in chemistry (1949) and Ph.D. in biochemistry (1953) from the California Institute of Technology. He commenced employment at the Keck School of Medicine at USC, until 1967, when he accepted the position of provost of Revelle College at the University of California, San Diego, \"to bring undergraduate education to the same high level of academic excellence that marks the graduate program at the heavily science-oriented college.\" In 1972 Saltman was appointed Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs. In 1980, he returned to full-time research and teaching at UCSD. After his death, from prostate cancer in 1999, the Paul D. Saltman Endowed Chair in Science Education was established by UCSD to recognize a distinguished senior member of Biological Sciences faculty for his/her commitment to, and success in teaching science. Saltman was married to Barbara Saltman for over 50 years, and is survived by sons David and Joshua, and five grandchildren.
Samrat & Co. is a 2014 Hindi detective thriller film directed by Kaushik Ghatak and produced by Kavita K. Barjatya under the Rajshri Productions banner. It features Rajeev Khandelwal in the title role of Samrat. The film was initially scheduled for release on 1 May 2014 release but was released ahead of schedule on 25 April 2014.
Sowing the Wind is a 1916 British silent romance film directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Henry Ainley, Alma Taylor and Stewart Rome. It is based on the play Sowing the Wind by Sydney Grundy.
Salvia canariensis (Canary Island sage) is an erect perennial shrub native to the Canary Islands. It can reach 2-2.3 m in height and 1.5 m width in a single season. The triangular leaves are pale green, and the stems and underside of the leaves are covered with long white hairs. The flowers range from pale purple to deep purple magenta.
Vancouver City Hall is home to Vancouver City Council in Vancouver, British Columbia. Located at 453 West 12th Avenue, the building was ordered by the Vancouver Civic Building Committee, designed by architect Fred Townley and Matheson, and built by Carter, Halls, Aldinger and Company. The building has a twelve storey tower (the point being 323 feet/98 metres above sea level) with a clock on the top. The building is served by the Broadway–City Hall station on SkyTrain's Canada Line.
Mirage is the fourth studio album by Dutch DJ and record producer Armin van Buuren. It was released on 10 September 2010 by Armada Music, and was preceded by the release of the lead single, \"Full Focus\" on 24 June 2010. The album features collaborations with English singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor, British singer Christian Burns, Pakistani-American singer Nadia Ali, American music producer BT, Dutch music producer Ferry Corsten, and Adam Young of Owl City. The album debuted at number 3 in the Netherlands, and at number 113 in the United Kingdom. It debuted at number 148 in the United States on the Billboard 200, while also charting at the Dance/Electronic Albums chart at number 5.
Tolombeh-ye Abbas Fathi (Persian: تلمبه عباس فتحي‎‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ‘Abbās Fatḩī) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District, Banaruiyeh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Rząśnik [ˈʐɔ̃ɕnik] (German: Schönwaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Until 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Świerzawa, 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Złotoryja, and 89 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Grassdale Farm is a historic home located at Spencer, Henry County, Virginia. It was built about 1860, and is a two-story, center-passage-plan frame dwelling with Greek Revival and Greek Revival style influences. Two-story ells have been added to the rear of the main section, creating an overall \"U\" form. Also on the property are a variety of contributing buildings and outbuildings including a kitchen, smokehouse, cook's house, log dwelling, and office / caretaker's house dated to the 19th century; and a garage, playhouse, poultry house, two barns, greenhouse, Mack Watkin's House, granary and corn crib, and Spencer Store and Post Office dated to the 1940s-1950s. Grassdale Farm was once owned by Thomas Jefferson Penn, who built Chinqua-Penn Plantation outside Reidsville, North Carolina, where the Penn tobacco-manufacturing interests were located. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Live is the first live album by Iron Butterfly, released in 1970. The last album to be recorded with the longstanding quartet of Brann, Bushy, Dorman, and Ingle, it is the only Iron Butterfly album which does not feature more than one lead vocalist. It was a commercial hit, reaching #20 on the Billboard album charts.
Buzcheh-ye Sofla (Persian: بوزچه سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Būzcheh-ye Soflá; also known as Būjeh-ye Pā'īn and Būzjeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 323, in 63 families.
Ink Dish is an American tableware design company located in San Diego, California. The company uses designs by contemporary underground artists for their line of porcelain dinnerware. Ink Dish was founded in 2008 by David Harding and Caroline Pople. Julie Pople, mother of Caroline, is the lead designer for Ink Dish. Julie graduated from Liverpool Art College (John Moores University) in 1971 with a degree in Textile Design. Julie was an in-house ceramic designer for Royal Stafford, Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent until becoming the head of design for the European arm of the ceramic company PT Sango. In 2008, Ink Dish partnered with Paul Timman to create a line of tattoo inspired porcelain dinnerware. \"I knew that if I did my job well, I could bridge the gap between mainstream society and help to introduce tattooing into everyday life -- without the process of getting tattooed,\" says Timman. The Irezumi tableware design by Paul Timman was named to Metropolitan Home's 2009 Design 100 list  The design is based on the Japanese style of tattooing known as Irezumi. In 2010 Ink Dish partnered with modern artists David Palmer and Dana Oldfather. In 2011 Ink Dish had established a partnership with artist Alyson Fox. Ink Dish also designs patterns for tableware manufacturers such as Villeroy & Boch, Macy's, and Corelle. Among the best known of the company's product range are Paul Timman's pattern Cherry Ink, Alyson Fox's pattern December, and Dana Oldfather's pattern Kites.
Bite is a 2015 body-horror film by Canadian writer/director Chad Archibald, produced by Black Fawn Films, and Breakthrough Entertainment about a young woman who is bitten by an waterborne insect while in Costa Rica and suffers horrifying consequences.
Act of Love (French title: Un acte d'amour) is a 1953 American romantic drama film directed by Anatole Litvak, starring Kirk Douglas and Dany Robin. It is based on the novel The Girl on the Via Flaminia by Alfred Hayes. A Parisian falls in love with an American soldier near the end of World War II.
Nanak Shah Fakir is a 2015 film on the life and teachings of the first Sikh guru, Guru Nanak Dev. It has been produced by Harinder S. Sikka, and has been co-produced by Resul Pookutty and Samar Sikka under the banner of M/S Gurbani Media Pvt Ltd. Academy award winners Resul Pookutty and AR Rahman have designed the sound and mentored the original score of the film respectively. The original score of the film has been composed by renowned Hollywood composer Tuomas Kantelinen. The music of the film has been composed by Uttam Singh. The songs (shabads) have been sung by Pt. Jasraj, Bhai Nirmal Singh Khalsa and Puneet Sikka. The film has been highly appreciated at the Cannes Films Festival market 2014, at Toronto (Oct 2014) and LA (Nov 2014) as well as by the viewers through its worldwide release on 17 April 2015.
Ricardo Abad Martínez (Tafalla, January 8, 1971) is a Spanish ultrarunner. He holds the world record for consecutive marathons run on consecutive days, 607. He is famous for executing the project \"500 marathons in 500 days\", in which he completed 500 marathons in 500 consecutive days. He started on the 1st of October 2010 and finished on February 12, 2012. He ran at least one marathon in every one of the 50 provinces of Spain. Abad sold each of the 21,000 km he ran at the rate of one euro each and donated the money to ANFAS, a Spanish organization that works in favour of people with intellectual disabilities. Ricardo broke the world record for consecutive marathons (366) on 1 October 2011 in Madrid. Before him, the record was held by the Belgian Stefaan Engels (365). And before Engels, the record was held by Ricardo Abad with 150 marathons in a row in 2009.After breaking the record he went on to complete 500 marathons in Barcelona on February 12, 2012. The day after that he announced that he wanted to double the number and would continue running for another 500 days to complete 1000 marathons in 500 days. He set May 22, 2012 as the deadline to find the necessary funding for the project, which included running a marathon in every continent in the world. Finally, after failing to find financing, he abandoned the project on 29 May 2012 after 607 marathons, which is the current world record. Ricardo ran all these marathons in a row even though he works in a factory 8 hours per day in shifts: for one week during the mornings, for another week during the evening and for another week during the night. When he worked in the morning or at night, he would run in the afternoon. When he worked in the evenings, he ran during the morning. Because of this, he would sometimes run two marathons in less than 12 hours. In 2012 he has been nominated for the Prince of Asturias Awards, as he already was in 2009.
Hollywood North is a 2003 film starring Matthew Modine and Jennifer Tilly. It is a mockumentary detailing the struggles of two Canadian movie producers in Toronto circa 1979. The title is a reference to the colloquialism \"Hollywood North\".
I Am Nojoom, Age 10 and Divorced is a 2014 Yemeni drama film directed by Khadija al-Salami. It was selected as the Yemeni entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 89th Academy Awards and was the first time that Yemen had submitted a film for consideration. The film is based in the story of Nujood Ali, who seeked divorce from her abusive husband at age 10.
Oneida Lake Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church located at Oneida Lake, Madison County, New York. The church was established in 1814, and the building was built in 1824. It is a post-and-beam structure sheathed in clapboard siding and measures approximately 38 feet by 48 feet, sitting on a stone foundation. A 36-foot by 22-foot addition was built in 1922, with another 40-foot by 22-foot addition built in 1998. The front facade features a Greek Revival style enframement around the main entrance and pediment. The low-pitched gable roof is topped by a two tiered tower. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Goldie Sayers, born Katherine Dinah Sayers (born 16 July 1982), is a British javelin thrower. She was born in Newmarket, Suffolk, United Kingdom. On 20 May 2007, Sayers set a new British record in the javelin at 65.05 m (213 ft 5 in), thus becoming the first British woman to throw over 65 metres since javelins were redesigned in 1999. Sayers set the record when competing for her university, Loughborough, at the Loughborough International match. She cemented this achievement at the Norwich Union Glasgow Grand Prix on 3 June 2007 where she beat a top-class international field in rainy conditions with a throw of 63.59 m. Defeated rivals included European champion and Olympic silver medallist Steffi Nerius and world champion Barbora Špotáková.
Blood Glacier (also known as Blutgletscher, Glazius, and The Station) is a 2013 horror film directed by Marvin Kren. The movie had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 6, 2013 and had a limited theatrical release in the United States on May 2, 2014. It stars Gerhard Liebmann as a researcher faced with a strange liquid that poses a threat to anything living.
The Legend of God's Gun is a 2007 American independently produced film celebrating the tradition of western films and the spirit of Rock and Roll. The film is actually based on the psychedelic Western album of the same name by the band Spindrift—the album having preceded the production of the film by a number of years.
Live 2002 is the first live album released by the American rock band Comes with the Fall. This album served as a companion to their Live Underground 2002 DVD later released in 2003.
Hold Conversation is the debut EP by The Getaway Plan, released on 13 March 2006. Tracks from the EP received airplay on Australian national youth radio station Triple J, notably the track \"If The Suspense Doesn't Kill Us, Something Else Will...\" This is the last release as a five piece, guitarist/vocalist Benny Chong departed soon after its release.
The Pioneer Sod House in Wheat Ridge, Colorado is a sod house built in 1886 or perhaps well before. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Sod houses were rare in the Denver area, as lumber was available, and this is likely the only one surviving. It was more or less continuously occupied as a residence from 1886 to summer of 1972. While the 1973 National Register nomination asserted it was built in 1886, the house is believed by the Wheat Ridge Historical Society to have been built in 1864 or before 1859.
Destruction is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Will S. Davis and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered to be lost. Destruction is based on the 1901 Émile Zola novel Travail (\"Labor\").
West Branch Area School District is a small, rural, public school district located in Morrisdale, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania. The District is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania. West Branch Area School District was created in 1958 by the joining of Cooper Township High School and Morris Township High School. The District also includes Karthaus Township and Graham Township. The District extends across the Clearfield County's eastern border to include West Keating Township in Clinton County. West Branch Area School District encompasses approximately 165 square miles (430 km2). According to 2000 federal census data, it served a resident population of 7,833. By 2010, the District's population was 7,857 people. The educational attainment levels for the School District population (25 years old and over) were 85% high school graduates and 9.3% college graduates. In 2009, West Branch Area School District residents’ per capita income was $15,055, while the median family income was $37,054 a year. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. Per District officials, in school year 2009-2010, the West Branch Area School District provided basic educational services to 1,192 pupils through the employment of 93 teachers, 54 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 9 administrators. West Branch Area School District received more than $9.3 million in state funding in school year 2009-2010. In school year 2007-2008, West Branch Area School District reported an enrollment of 1,236 pupils. The District employed: 93 teachers, 81 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 10 administrators. WBASD received more than $9.5 million in state funding in school year 2007-2008. West Branch Area School District operates two schools: West Branch Area Elementary School and West Branch Area Junior/Senior High School. Both of the schools reside in a conjoined building. The current school building was completed in 1964, with an addition to the high school that was finished in 2005. High school students may choose to attend Clearfield County Career and Technology Center for training in the construction and mechanical trades; Architectural Drafting & Design Technology; Allied Health Services; Cosmetology; and Culinary Arts & Food Management. The Central Intermediate Unit IU10 provides the District with a wide variety of services like specialized education for disabled students and hearing, speech and visual disability services and professional development for staff and faculty.
Krzynka [ˈkʂɨŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Barlinek, 26 km (16 mi) east of Myślibórz, and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has an approximate population of 410.
Frame of Mind is the second solo album by German singer-songwriter Sandy, released by Starwatch and Warner Music on May 25, 2006. It includes fourteen songs, five co-written by Sandy. The album debuted at number 53 on the German Albums Chart.
Robert Young (\"Marathon Man UK\"; born 18 October 1982) is a British participant in ultra distance running. He was accused of, and subsequently proven to have cheated on his trans-America record attempt in 2016. Outside Magazine has written an article about his deceit, as has The Guardian. His former sponsor, SKINS, launched an independent investigation into his cheating. This investigation 'found ‘no alternative plausible explanation’ than Young received unauthorised assistance, riding in his support vehicle for much of the early part of the 'run'.'. Following the report, Young was dropped by SKINS as a sponsor, and as an Ambassador for charity Dreams Come True. Many of his other claims, including to have been a triathlon champion, a professional cyclist and to have completed a host of self-styled ultra-running feats are unsubstantiated and have been called into question by independent observers.
Talk a Good Game is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Kelly Rowland. Formerly titled Year of the Woman, the album was released on June 14, 2013 through Universal Republic and its affiliated record labels. Incorporating a base core of R&B and pop music, Talk a Good Game was influenced by the likes of Whitney Houston, Marvin Gaye and Stevie Wonder amongst other of Rowland's idols. Rowland wanted the album to be a celebration of womanhood and referred to the record as her most personal album to date. On the album, she co-wrote all but one song, \"Freak\", a cover of the same 2010 song by entertainer Jamie Foxx from his fourth studio album Best Night of My Life. A deluxe edition, and Target-exclusive edition of the album featuring bonus tracks, was released simultaneously alongside the twelve-track standard edition. Talk a Good Game was promoted with live renditions of the album's songs during the Lights Out Tour, a co-headline concert tour between Rowland and The-Dream. The album was also preceded by the release of the lead single, a Mike Will Made It and Marz production called \"Kisses Down Low\" which peaked in the top-thirty of the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. A second single, The-Dream-produced \"Dirty Laundry\", was released a month before the album and documents Rowland's initial jealousy of the success Beyoncé attained in her solo career following the release of her debut album Dangerously in Love (2003); the song also talks about the domestic abuse that Rowland suffered during a previous relationship. Upon its release, music critics commended the album's cohesive sound and themes throughout, often noting Rowland's most personal and vulnerable lyrics as well as the strength of her vocals. Talk a Good Game debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200 selling 68,000 copies in its opening week, becoming Rowland's third top ten album. The album also debuted at number four on the US R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart, failing to match the number one peak that her last album, Here I Am (2011), reached. In 2014, Rowland parted ways with her label, wanting a new start elsewhere and signalling the end of the Talk a Good Game era; the album was her only release under Republic Records.
Pembine High School is a high school in Pembine, Wisconsin. Officially named Beecher-Dunbar-Pembine High School after the district to which it belongs, Pembine High School is located at N18775 Sauld Street in the town of Pembine, Wisconsin. The school opened its doors in 1903. Originally the high school consisted of the Pembine District, but it later added other geographic areas. The school serves K-12 students, with an overall student population of 257.
Czyże [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛ] (Belarusian: Чыжы) is a village in Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czyże. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok. The village has a population of 590.
Gente di Roma is a 2003 Italian comedy mockumentary film directed by Ettore Scola. It is close to Federico Fellini's Roma. The film is dedicated to Alberto Sordi, who Scola wanted to close the film, as a noble man, but he could not film him because he died. Scola's daughters helped to co-write the script.
I Married a Woman is a 1958 American comedy film made in 1956, starring George Gobel and Diana Dors. The movie also features John Wayne in a cameo role as himself. It was filmed in RKO-Scope and black and white except for one of Wayne's two scenes, which was shot in Technicolor. The film's original title was \"So There You Are\".
Grupo Lala is a Mexican dairy company, founded in 1950 in Torreón, Coahuila. It is the only dairy company that operates nationwide in Mexico. It expanded into the United States in 2008, acquiring a manufacturing plant in Omaha, Nebraska, and in 2009, LALA acquired National Dairy, Farmland Dairies and Promised Land. The company's Chairman is Eduardo Tricio and the CEO is Arquimedes Celis. LALA is now the largest dairy company in Latin America. The company name makes reference to its origin \"La Laguna\", a region located in Northern Mexico where the Mayran Lagoon is located. Grupo Lala was listed 12th in Dairy Foods magazine list of the top 100 North American dairies. It was the only dairy from Mexico to be listed in the top 100.
Catherine McAuley High School , located in Portland, Maine was an all-girls' college preparatory school that was run by the Sisters of Mercy. It was located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland. McAuley was the only remaining single-sex high school for young women in the state of Maine. The school was established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1969 and was named for their founder, the Catherine McAuley. Catherine McAuley High School was the successor school of two other all-women's Mercy schools, Saint Joseph's Academy (1881–1969) and Cathedral High School (1909–1969). In July 2016, the school building was transferred to The Maine Girls' Academy.
Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎‎, also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulasābād and Dowlatābād-e Esfandaqeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,200, in 460 families.
Tabarabad (Persian: تبراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Tabarābād and Ţabarābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 94, in 21 families.
Yarijan-e Olya (Persian: ياريجان عليا‎‎, also Romanized as Yārījān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Yārījān-e Bālā) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 711, in 174 families.
Bryan Jennett (1926–2008) was a Scottish neurosurgeon, a faculty member at the University of Glasgow Medical School, and the first full-time chair of neurosurgery in Scotland. He was the co-developer of the assessment tool known as the Glasgow Coma Scale and made advancements in the care of patients with brain injuries. Jennett and another physician coined the term vegetative state.
De La Salle School, St Helens is an 11-16 mixed comprehensive Roman Catholic high school which is linked to the world wide La Sallian community. The school in its current form was created in 1987 after the amalgamation of several Roman Catholic high schools in the area (West Park, Notre Dame, St. Edmund Campion and Mount Carmel). Its trustees are the De La Salle Brothers, who have a House nearby. There are 1200 pupils, and about 140 staff. Seven associated primaries provide the majority of pupils who join, aged 11: Corpus Christi, St. Austin's, St. Bartholomew's, St. John Vianney, St. Julie's, St. Teresa's and St. Thomas of Canterbury.
Medal of Honor Original Soundtrack Recording is the original soundtrack to the 1999 PlayStation game Medal of Honor. Developed by DreamWorks Interactive and published by EA Games, the music was created by award-winning composer Michael Giacchino. Most of the tracks were reproduced on a new CD for the 10th anniversary edition box-set, with the exception of the last two tracks.
The John Lyon School (formerly The Lower School of John Lyon) is an academically selective independent boys' school in Harrow on the Hill, Middlesex. The school was founded in 1876 by the Governors of Harrow School for the education of local boys, in belated keeping with the wishes of that school's founder, from whom the school takes its name. The John Lyon School maintains its historic ties with Harrow School to this day. The school is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference (HMC). Founded in 1876 as an Independent day school for local boys The John Lyon School is one of the independent day schools for boys in the UK. A broad range of sporting activities is offered throughout the School. 2016 sees the launch of a new all-weather floodlit pitch at the 25 acre playing fields at Sudbury. This facility will enable the introduction of Hockey as a new major sport in the Autumn Term. In addition to hockey in winter the pitch will transform into 12 tennis courts in the summer months.
Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov (Russian: Никола́й Митрофа́нович Крыло́в, Ukrainian: Микола Митрофанович Крилов) (29 November [O.S. 17 November] 1879 – May 11, 1955) was a Russian and Soviet mathematician known for works on interpolation, non-linear mechanics, and numerical methods for solving equations of mathematical physics.
Seri Yek-e Zarruk (Persian: سري يك زروك‎‎, also Romanized as Serī Yek-e Zarrūk; also known as Serī-ye Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 703, in 118 families.
Nooksack (/ˈnʊksæk/ US dict: nŏŏk′·săk) is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, close to the border with Canada. The population was 1,338 at the 2010 census. This town shares Nooksack Valley School District with Sumas and Everson. The town is just a handful of buildings built around the highway that runs through it. The post office lost its official status in 1992 (and is now a department of neighboring town, Everson), but still exists across from a small city park. The USPS has since closed the remote office. Other noticeable remains are the two gas stations and several churches. It has no major geographic features except a small creek on the edge of town, near a cemetery containing many old graves. Nooksack contracts their Police and sewer services through the nearby City of Everson.
Henry Deacon (30 July 1822 – 23 July 1876) was a chemist and industrialist who established a chemical factory in Widnes, Lancashire, England. Henry Deacon's father was also named Henry Deacon and his mother was Esther Deacon, his father's cousin. The family were members of the Sandemanian church, one of whose members, Michael Faraday, was a friend of the Deacon family. Faraday played an important part in the development of Henry junior's life and development. His education was at a Quaker school in Tottenham. He was apprenticed at the age of 14 to the London engineering firm of Galloway & Sons. When this company failed, he joined the business of Nasmyth, Gaskell and Company in their factory at Patricroft, Manchester, on the banks of the Bridgewater Canal. In the 1840s he moved to Pilkington Brothers at St Helens and became manager of their glass-polishing department. While he was there he invented an apparatus for the grinding and smoothing of glass. In 1851 he left to join John Hutchinson, alkali manufacturer, in Widnes. In 1853 Deacon, with Edmond Leyland, filed his first patent, which was for an improved manufacturing process for sulphuric acid. Later that year Deacon left Hutchinson and went into partnership with the younger of the Pilkington brothers, William, to establish their own alkali works in Widnes on land between the Sankey Canal and St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway. This partnership was dissolved in 1855. In a new partnership with his previous employer, Holbrook Gaskell who provided the capital, the firm of Gaskell, Deacon and Co was founded. At that time all factories manufacturing alkali were doing so by the Leblanc process. In 1838 Harrison Grey Dyar and John Henmming patented an ammonia-soda process of making alkali. Deacon experimented with this process but had no success and Gaskell persuaded him to abandon this project. Between 1854 and 1876 Deacon, alone or in collaboration with others, filed at least 29 patents, all relating to alkali manufacture. Deacon also presented a number of papers to learned societies, including the British Association for the Advancement of Science in 1870, the Chemical Society in 1870 and the Warrington Literary and Philosophical Society in 1874. In 1867 Deacon took on a chemist, Ferdinand Hurter, on a month's probation. In time Hurter was to become the chief chemist to the company. Deacon worked with him to discover an improved method of manufacturing chlorine from hydrochloric acid, a noxious by-product of the Leblanc process, and in 1870 discovered a better process, using copper chloride as a catalyst. Henry Deacon also played a part in public life in Widnes. He was chairman of the Local Board and played a significant part in establishing the waterworks at Pex Hill. He was chairman of the first school board in the town. Deacon married Emma Wade from Basford, Nottingham in 1851 with whom he had two sons and a daughter. After Emma's death he married Caroline Rutt of Islington, Middlesex, in 1866. Deacon died in 1876 from typhoid fever at his home in Widnes. He was survived by his widow, seven sons and four daughters. His estate was in excess of £100,000.
Hamm AG is a German worldwide manufacturer and marketer of road rollers based in Tirschenreuth, Germany. It is a subsidiary of Wirtgen Group. Brothers Anton and Franz Hamm, who were gunsmiths, founded the company in 1878 to build agricultural equipment. The company built their first diesel-powered road roller in 1911, from a design by a second-generation Hamm, Hans Hamm. This was at a time when most rollers where steam powered. In 1928 the company abandoned all other product lines to concentrate on road rollers. Hamm produces the first all-wheel drive-all-wheel steering double-drum, tandem roller and soil compactor with vibration(Unbalance mass principle) in 1932, and retains patent protection rights until 1970. The company introduced an all-wheel steering and all-wheel drive rubber-wheeled roller in 1963, and then rolled out its oscillating vibratory roller in 1989. In 1999 the Wirtgen Group GmbH announced that it would purchase Hamm AG, and the transaction was completed in March 2000.
That's What I Am is a 2011 comedy-drama film directed by Michael Pavone and starring Ed Harris and Chase Ellison. It received a limited release on April 29, 2011, and was later released on DVD on July 15, 2011.
L. S. Ayres and Company was an Indianapolis, Indiana, department store founded in 1872 by Lyman S. Ayres. Over the years its Indianapolis flagship store, which opened in 1905 and was later enlarged, became known for its women’s fashions, the Tea Room, holiday events and displays, and the basement budget store. As urban populations shifted to the suburbs, Ayres established branch stores in new shopping centers in several Indiana cities. Ayres also acquired retail subsidiaries in Springfield, Illinois; Fort Wayne, Indiana; and Louisville, Kentucky. Ayr-Way, the Ayres discount store subsidiary, became one of the first discount store divisions launched by a traditional store. By the end of the 1960s Ayres had become a diversified merchandising business with retail department stores, a chain of discount stores, specialty clothing stores, a home furnishings showroom, and a real estate holding company. A long-time Ayres slogan, \"That Ayres Look\", promoted the company as a fashion leader and by 1972 it had become the oldest continuous retail slogan in the United States. Associated Dry Goods acquired Ayres in 1972. After The May Company acquired Associated Dry Goods in 1986, several Ayres stores were closed. The flagship store in Indianapolis was closed in the spring of 1992 as the remaining Ayres operation merged with May's Famous-Barr division. Federated Department Stores, owner of rival Macy's, acquired The May Company on August 30, 2005. On February 1, 2006, L. S. Ayres was dissolved and folded into the newly-formed Macy's Midwest division. On September 9, 2006, the L. S. Ayres name was retired as most stores were converted to Macy's. The former downtown Indianapolis flagship location today houses a Carson's store.
Verticordia penicillaris is a flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a small, widely spreading shrub, usually with several main branches. It is readily distinguished from other verticordias by its yellow flowers with white fringes and purple hairs on the end of their long styles.
The \"Base Attack\" or \"Baluart\" in Original Old - English and Spanish latin a Baluarte\" a \"Baluarte de San Diego is a bastion in Intramuros, part of the Spanish colonial fortification in the walled city of Manila in the Philippines a Base (Super - base attack).
George Grosz' Interregnum is a 29-minute-long documentary film about the artist George Grosz produced by Altina Carey and Charles Carey, and narrated by Lotte Lenya. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. The original music was by Paul Glass, and the cinematography by Terry Sanders. The film was released on video as \"Germany Between The Wars.\" The Academy Film Archive preserved Interregnum in 2013.
A Boy and His Dog is a 1946 American Technicolor short drama film directed by LeRoy Prinz. It won an Academy Award at the 19th Academy Awards in 1947 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel). Short-story author Samuel A. Derieux who died twenty-four years earlier, in 1922, received story credit for the film, suggesting to some the expectation that he wrote a work with the title \"A Boy and His Dog\". However, a plot summary for the film, attributed to David Glagovsky, closely parallels Derieux's short story \"The Trial in Tom Belcher's Store\", suggesting the film-makers drew on the published (and once celebrated) story, but gave the film a title Derieux need not ever have considered.
Paphiopedilum urbanianum is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is endemic to Mindoro in the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is almost extinct in the wild, partly due to habitat loss, but even more so because of unsustainable collecting for the horticultural trade.
Gazestan (Persian: گزستان‎‎, also Romanized as Gazestān) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Take Me Round Again is The Fiery Furnaces' ninth album. It was first released, in MP3 format, through Thrill Jockey Records, in November 2009. The album is being described as \"The Friedbergers cover the Friedbergers,\"in reference to core members and siblings, Matthew and Eleanor Friedberger.
Mohammad Jafar Moradi (Persian: محمدجعفر مرادی‎‎, born 10 April 1990) is an Iranian long distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 2015 World Championships and 2016 Olympics. He has a degree in physical education from the Islamic Azad University, Tehran.
Mount Pleasant is a historic estate house at 15 Bracebridge Road in Newton, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1856 by Roswell Turner, a major land owner and real estate developer in the Newton Centre area. It is a well-preserved example of the academic Italianate style, with a three-bay facade and hip roof with a small gable over the centered entry, and a three-story turret. The property was owned for many of the later years of the 19th century by Charles S. Davis, another major force in the development of Newton Centre. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Anaphalis javanica or Javanese edelweiss is a flowering plant species endemic to Indonesia. They are found mostly in mountainous regions of Java, southern Sumatra, southern Sulawesi and Lombok. Although a mature plant can reach eight metres in height, most specimens are less than a metre tall. The flower are generally seen between April and August. A bird species, the Javan whistling thrush (Myophonus glaucinus), nests in the plants branches.
Emamzadeh Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: امامزاده سيدمحمد‎‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Moḩammad; also known as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District, in the Central District of Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Around the World in 80 Ways is a 1987 Australian film about a man who tries to trick his grandfather into thinking he has travelled around the world. Despite some good reviews the film was not a success at the box office. Producer David Elfick in part on the title, which he felt was confusing.
Separation City is a 2009 New Zealand film starring Joel Edgerton, Rhona Mitra, Danielle Cormack, and Les Hill. It is directed by Paul Middleditch. Filming concluded in June, 2009, after 5 weeks of shooting. It is a comedy-drama, following the collapse of two marriages, set in Wellington.
Sheykh Madi (Persian: شيخ مادي‎‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Mādī; also known as Sheykh Mehdī) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 458, in 86 families.
Starzyny [staˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szczekociny, 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Zawiercie, and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 260.
William DePuy House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County, New York. It was built about 1851 and is a  1 1⁄2-story frame dwelling with vernacular Greek Revival and Gothic Revival design elements. The front features a 1-story hip-roofed porch supported by Doric columns. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Boulevard is an album by French DJ Ludovic Navarre, released under the stage name St. Germain. It was originally released in the UK on July 28, 1995, but was later released in the USA March 26, 2002. The album is more dance music-oriented and relaxing compared to his 2000 hit album Tourist.
Directi is an Internet domain name registrar company founded in 1998 by Bhavin Turakhia, who was instrumental in the adoption of the seventy-day grace period for businesses concerned with the registry of IANA and ICANN. Directi is the first ICANN accredited registrar in India. The head office of Directi is in Mumbai, India, with subdivision offices in Delhi and Bangalore; Xiamen, China; Ras al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates; and in Queensland, Australia. Directi has more than 1,500 employees working for it. The company serves over 1,000,000 customers and has more than 50,000 channel partners, which is growing at a rate of 120% per annum. Directi services include communication and collaboration apps, social networking software, instant messaging, context analysis engines, anti-spam and antivirus solutions, large-scale billing and provisioning platforms, traffic monetization solutions, online advertising solutions, DNS management products, Linux and Windows server management software, and web hosting control panels. At present, Directi is valued at $1.4 billion, also making the Turakhia brothers billionaires. One of their most successful venture \"Media.net\" was sold to a Chinese consortium for $900 million in 2016. Directi has five offices in four countries.
Dorian Gray (Italian: Il dio chiamato Dorian) aka The Sins of Dorian Gray is a 1970 movie adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel The Picture of Dorian Gray starring Helmut Berger. The Italian title translates as A God Called Dorian. Directed by Massimo Dallamano and produced by Harry Alan Towers, the film stresses the decadence and eroticism of the story and changes the setting to early 1970s London. The sexual liberation of the late 1960s and early 1970s provides a fitting backdrop for Dorian's escapades in this version, and also the general clothing and fashion style of the era is extrapolated into a 1970s version of the aesthetic, decadent world of the 1890s novel. Critical opinion of the film is decidedly mixed. On the one hand, some consider the film trash and sexploitation, while others point out that the film was shot at a unique time in the 20th century when a new openness about sexuality and its depiction on film allowed showing scenes only vaguely hinted at in the novel and earlier (and also later) movie adaptations. It's interesting to contemplate how this film would've turned out if it had been directed by Jesus Franco, since in 1970, Franco was turning out several films for producer Towers, and this film featured a number of the actors Franco and Towers were working with at the time (Marie Liljedahl, Herbert Lom, Maria Rohm, etc.). Franco was probably too busy filming Count Dracula at the time to direct Dorian Gray as well. A marked difference between this version and the novel is the final scene. Instead of Dorian slicing the painting with the knife (thereby inadvertently killing himself), he is seen committing suicide with the knife deliberately.
Barnstable High School is a public high school (grades 8–12) in the village of Hyannis, Massachusetts, United States, Town of Barnstable. It is the largest high school in Barnstable County on Cape Cod. It is divided into 5 \"houses\", described as \"schools within a school\". BHS has approximately 2,000 students in grades 8-12. The school's principal is Patrick Clark. Scott Pyy is the assistant principal. The school is operated by the Barnstable Public School District. The school was founded in the 19th century after several attempts of creating a public high school. The school was then moved to the High School Road location for about thirty years before being relocated to its present location in 1959. The school has also gone through three different major renovations and building additions over the years, with the last one being completed in 1998. Barnstable also boasts an arts and music departments. The music department is also home to talented students who have propelled the department to many awards for excellence over the years. The Barnstable High School Drama Club have been the producers of many acclaimed plays and they also been on a webisode filmed by the Warner Brothers Corporation. Barnstable is also one of the most diverse schools on Cape Cod due to its population of Cape Verdean, Brazilian, and Portuguese-American families in the community.
Bluegrass at Carnegie Hall is an album of studio recordings by the progressive bluegrass band The Country Gentlemen, released in 1962 on the Starday label and reissued in 1988. The only thing about this album that has anything to do with Carnegie Hall is the cover photo on the original Starday LP, showing the group on stage (not the photo on the right). Nevertheless, there are many classic tunes on the album from the group's Starday era. As for the actual Carnegie Hall concert, there are six cuts on the Smithsonian Folkways CD \"The Country Gentlemen: On the Road\"(SFW40133), which include the fine dobro playing of Kenny Haddock.
Auberge d'Auvergne et Provence (Maltese: Berġa ta' Alvernja u Provenza) is an auberge in Birgu, Malta. It was built to house knights of the Order of Saint John from the langues of Auvergne and Provence. Auberge d'Auvergne et Provence was built in the 1530s, incorporating earlier buildings. Parts of the ground floor and basement are believed to date back to the 15th century, while older remains possibly date back to the Byzantine period. The auberge is reported to have been functional by 1531, and its existence is confirmed by the Order's records in August 1532. The auberge was originally built as two separate auberges, with Auvergne on the right and Provence on the left. At some point, these were joined together and shared a single façade. The building formed a compact block with other auberges next to it, namely Auberge d'Aragon and Auberge de France. The façade consists of a central doorway, with smaller doors on each side. The central doorway is embellished with a moulded cornice. The apertures have typical Melitan mouldings. The auberge continued to house the langues of Auvergne and Provence until the building of a separate Auberge d'Auvergne and Auberge de Provence in Valletta in the 1570s and 1580s. The building was included on the Antiquities List of 1925, together with the other auberges in Birgu. In the years before World War II, the right side of the building was partially demolished to make way for a modern residence. After the war, the remaining part of the auberge was divided into separate houses and a shop, and the structure was modified by the addition of a timber balcony. Today, the section of the auberge that housed the langue of Provence remains mostly intact, despite some alterations. The other section, belonging to the langue of Auvergne, has lost part of its façade, although it retains the entrance and a small balcony. The interior of the two auberges remain mostly intact in their original state. It was listed as a Grade 1 national monument on 22 December 2009, and it is also listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands.
Coming Out is the third album by The Manhattan Transfer, released August 19, 1976 on Atlantic Records. On the advice of their manager Aaron Russo, the group downplayed the \"nostalgic\" tenor of their previous breakthrough album in favor of more contemporary songs. However, the throwback single \"Chanson d'Amour\" became a breakout single in Europe, and hit the No. 1 spot in the United Kingdom for three weeks (as well as charting elsewhere in Europe). The song \"Zindy Lou\" featured Ringo Starr and Jim Keltner on drums, Dr. John on piano and Doug Thorngren provided additional percussion. The song \"Poinciana (The Song Of The Tree)\" featured a Michael Brecker solo.
Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) is an Indian conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. Reliance owns businesses across India engaged in energy, petrochemicals, textiles, natural resources, retail, and telecommunications. Reliance is the third most profitable company in India, the second-largest publicly traded company in India by market capitalization, and the second largest company in India as measured by revenue after the government-controlled Indian Oil Corporation. The company is ranked 215th on the Fortune Global 500 list of the world's biggest corporations as of 2016. RIL contributes approximately 20% of India's total exports. It is ranked 8th among the Top 250 Global Energy Companies by Platts as of 2016.
Olexander Smakula (Ukrainian: Олександр Теодорович Смакула, Russian: Александр Теодорович Смакула) (1900, Dobrovody, Austria–Hungary, today Ukraine – 17 May 1983, Auburn, Massachusetts, USA), also described in English as Alexander Smakula, was a Ukrainian physicist known for the invention of anti-reflective lens coatings based on optical interference.
The Ilex integra or mochi tree is an ornamental tree of the holly genus, which is native to parts of Asia, including Korea; Taiwan; the mid-southern regions of China; and Honshu, Shikoku and Kyushu in Japan. Its flower is light yellow. The species was botanically described in 1784.
(This is a Korean name; the family name is Kang.) Kang Chae-young (Hangul: 강채영; born 8 June 1996) is a female South Korean recurve archer. She competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Ceylinco Consolidated is one of Sri Lanka's oldest and largest business conglomerates.The original company was founded by Mr. Hugh Weerasekere and Cyril E. S. Perera QC (UNP Member Colombo North) named \"Ceylon Insurance Co.\" listed late 1938-39.Due to the latter's political stance against the SLFP political partys divisive \"Sinhala Only Act\" Ceylon Insurance Co. was eventually politically persuaded to relinquish control by the then SLFP government of Mrs. Bandaranayake to Senator Justin Kotalawela then on the board of Ceylon Insurance. Justin Kotelawala gained control of Ceylon Insurance Co. from Mrs. Alice Farmacia Perera widow of Cyril E. S. Perera and from Mrs. Violet van Dort widow of Hugh Weerasekere. Many people at the time were under the impression Ceylon Insurance Co. was not a profitable company due to what people were led to believe, when, in fact, Ceylon Insurance Co. was and still is a significant player in Sri Lanka's economy. Cyril E. S. Perera also co-founded (with the Berenger family) another significant Sri Lankan company named KANDOS, which he named after the city where they first produced chocolate bars, in combination with the Latin word for money \"dos\". Kandos also went under the same SLFP reformation, control eventually going into the hands of Upali Wijewardana for no monetary value. Justin Kotelawala and his son Lalith Kotelawala built the renamed CEYLINCO into a major company which includes over 500 subsidiary companies. It has more than 450 offices with a cadre of over 30000 employees. A few of the many companies incorporated are listed below. The Ceylinco conglomerate is in a crisis as it has lost the trust of the people due to the collapse of the Golden Key Credit Card Company. Financial institutions under the Ceylinco Group was in the danger of collapsing due to the withdrawal of money by depositors. Hence, the managements of the Seylan Bank and the Three Finance Companies under this institution was taken by Government institutions.
The Atlantic Transport Line was an American passenger shipping line based in Baltimore, Maryland. In 1901 the company was folded into the International Mercantile Marine shipping trust (IMM). The line developed with railroad support as an offshoot of Bernard N. Baker's Baltimore Storage and Lighterage Company in 1881. Although American owned, the Atlantic Transport Line operated from Britain, with British registered and manned vessels, most of which were British built. General cargo, live cattle and small numbers of passengers were carried from Baltimore and Philadelphia to British ports and the line developed an excellent reputation for shipping valuable horses. A full-scale weekly passenger service between New York and London commenced in 1892 and today the line is best remembered for its exclusively first class direct London to New York passenger/cargo service operated by its four Minne class ships, SS Minneapolis, SS Minnehaha, SS Minnetonka and SS Minnewaska from 1900 to 1915. In 1898 the U.S. Government bought seven of the Line's ten ships for use as military transports in the Spanish–American War (Baker lent another for use as a hospital ship). The line survived this potentially devastating blow because Baker pulled off a sensational deal and bought a British competitor's five brand new ships almost immediately as replacements. The Atlantic Transport Company of West Virginia was formed at this time to assert American ownership of the line's overseas assets. Baker's attempt to sell the line to British owners in the late 1890s sparked the chain of events that lead to the formation of the IMM. The line's most important ships were all sunk during the First World War. After the war four huge replacements for the Minne class ships were planned. Only two of these were built however and the passenger service, which recommenced in 1923, never matched pre-war successes. With first class travel declining the A.T.L. introduced a tourist third class ship in 1925 and for two seasons operated a second. But the line was faltering even before the Wall Street Crash and with the recession of 1931 its remaining ships were laid up or transferred to other IMM lines and it effectively ceased to exist. The American holding company survived until 1936. The SS Minnewaska was the last ship the Atlantic Transport Line operated.
Mamorallo Tjoka (born 25 October 1984 in Ha Seqhoe, Malehloana, Lesotho) is a Basotho long-distance runner who competed in the marathon event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.She was the flag bearer of Lesotho during the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
Mazraeh-ye Pagondeh (Persian: مزرعه پاگنده‎‎, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Pāgondeh; also known as Pā Gandeh, Pāgondeh, and Pa Gundeh) is a village in Aqda Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Marvik is a village in Suldal municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The village is located along the Sandsfjorden on the southern coast of the Ropeid peninsula. The village is a commercial centre of the peninsula, having a general store, primary school, marina, library, and Marvik Chapel. A bridge crossing the Sandsfjorden is under construction just east of Marvik, and it is scheduled to open in 2016. This bridge will give residents of Marvik a 20-kilometre (12 mi) long, ferry-free route to the municipal centre of Sand (without the bridge, it would be a 120 kilometres (75 mi) drive around several fjords to reach Sand without using a ferry).
Upananda College Galle, Walahanduwa (officially Upananda Vidalaya) (උපනන්ද විද්‍යාලය) is a government Buddhist school in Galle Southern Provence, Sri Lanka. The college was established by Hon. Bataduwe Rathanajothi Thero as a second happiness of Upananda College pinnaduwa village in akmeemana, Galle on 16 January 1910. It has Grade 1 to 13 both Primary school and secondary school.
Mungerilal B. Tech.( Hindi:मुंगेरीलाल बी. टेक.) is an upcoming romantic thriller drama starring Vishal Singh, Vikrant Anand, Chadni, Sonam Mishra, Ratan Rathore and K. Kumar, scheduled to release in January 2016.
A Life Begins (French: Une vie qui commence) is a 2010 Canadian French language drama film set in the sixties directed and written by Michel Monty, his debut long feature.
FBI Girl is a 1951 crime film about a female FBI employee who becomes involved in government plot involving corruption and murder. The film was directed by William A. Berke, and stars Cesar Romero, Margia Dean, Audrey Totter and George Brent. It was made by Lippert Pictures.
Sweet Revenge is a 1998 British comedy film written and directed by Malcolm Mowbray. The screenplay is based on the epic two-part play The Revengers' Comedies by Alan Ayckbourn. The film had a brief and modestly successful theatrical run in Italy under the title Amori e vendette (Loves and Vendettas) but failed to find a distributor elsewhere. It eventually was telecast in the UK by BBC Two on 30 December, 1999, under the title The Revengers' Comedies. It was released on videotape in the United States and France and on DVD in the US.
Gunslinger is a 1956 American western film starring Beverly Garland as Rose Hood, the widow of a slain town marshal who inherits his job. Directed by Roger Corman from a screenplay by Mark Hanna and Charles B. Griffith, the film, shot in colour, also features Allison Hayes as Erica Page, the owner of a saloon, who hires a gunslinger assassin (John Ireland) to kill Rose. The film began production in February 1956, as director Corman wanted to shoot one final film in six days before a change in union contracts meant that actors were limited to working only five days a week. Filming of Gunslinger was marred by several inconveniences; rain caused the filming location to become muddy, and the two lead actresses were both injured on set. Eventually, Gunslinger was released to mixed reviews, and, in 1993, was featured in a fifth season episode of the movie-mocking comedy television series Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Call of the Toad is a film released in 2005 that tells the love story between a German man and a Polish woman who become caught up in the advent of modern capitalism in Poland. It is based on the novel The Call of the Toad written by Günter Grass.
The Canadian Broadcasting Centre, located in Toronto, Ontario, is the broadcast headquarters and master control point for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's English-language television and radio services. It also contains studios for local and regional French language productions and is also home to the North American Broadcasters Association. Its French language counterpart is the Maison Radio-Canada, located in Montreal. The Canadian Broadcasting Centre is located at 250 Front Street West in Downtown Toronto, directly across the street from the Metro Toronto Convention Centre. It is within walking distance of Union Station, the Rogers Centre, and the CN Tower. It is also connected to the city's PATH underground pathway system.
Vasile Dîba (born 24 July 1954) is a retired Romanian sprint canoeist. Competing in three Summer Olympics in 1976–1984, he won four medals with one gold (1976: K-1 500 m), one silver (1980: K-4 1000 m), and two bronzes (1976: K-1 1000 m, 1980: K-1 500 m). Dîba also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with five golds (K-1 500 m: 1974, 1977, 1978; K-1 1000 m: 1977, K-1 4×500 m: 1974) and two silvers (K-1 500 m and K-1 4×500 m: both 1975).
He was educated in his home town of Scunthorpe in England, attending Henderson Avenue Junior School, Scunthorpe Grammar School and John Leggott Sixth Form College. He graduated with a degree in Biochemistry and received his Ph.D. from the University of Sussex. Gordon completed postdoctoral research at the University of Washington (Seattle) in the laboratory of Professor Stanley Falkow.
Με την αγάπη (With Love) is the debut EP by Craig Owens, vocalist for Chiodos and Cinematic Sunrise. It was released September 15, 2009, via Equal Vision Records. In December 2008, Craig Owens posted a cover of the Counting Crows song \"Anna Begins\" for download on his website iamcraigowens.com, as well as a demo of Edgar Allan Poe's 'El Dorado'. Owens announced the name of his new solo EP via Twitter, \"Με την αγάπη\" which is, loosely translated, Greek for \"with love\" and is pronounced \"may ten agapay\" in English. On July 21, 2009, Craig Owens announced on Twitter that he will be releasing the EP on September 15, 2009.
Amir-e Sofla (Persian: اميرسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Amīr-e Soflá; also known as Amīr, Amīrī-ye Pā’īn, Sarāb-e Amīr, and Sarāb-i-Amīr) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 773, in 165 families.
Lilium formosanum, also known as the Formosa lily or Taiwanese lily (simplified Chinese: 台湾百合; traditional Chinese: 台灣百合; pinyin: Táiwān bǎihé), is a plant species in the lily family, endemic to Taiwan. It is closely related to the Easter lily found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan, eastern and northern Taiwan. Both species are cultivated for their showy, trumpet-shaped flowers. Lilium formosanum has become naturalized in scattered locations in Africa, Australia, and the Americas. Varieties \n* Lilium formosanum var. formosanum \n* Lilium formosanum var. microphyllum T.S.Liu & S.S.Ying
Fareham Academy is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Fareham, Hampshire, England. The school was originally known as St. Annes school prior to becoming Neville Lovett Community School. The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2013, and was renamed Fareham Academy. Fareham Academy is a converter academy, which means that it voluntarily opted to become an academy as a previously maintained school in the Hampshire Local Education Authority. Only schools deemed to be 'Good' or better, with strong leadership are able to convert. The Academy has autonomy from the Local Authority and receives its funding directly from the Department for Education. As a converter academy, it has autonomy to teach its own curriculum to personalise its curriculum to its students. In recent years, the school GCSE results have improved significantly and has been the subject of newspaper articles  and BBC South Today news reports. The academy has achieved a 'Good' rating in its last two Ofsted inspections. The most recent Ofsted was carried out in February 2016 under the new, more rigorous Ofsted framework. In August 2014, Fareham Academy celebrated its best GCSE results ever, with 70% A*–C including English and Maths. The
Michael Jordan to the Max is an IMAX documentary film released in 2000. The film is about the life and career of basketball player Michael Jordan, focusing mainly on his 1998 NBA Playoffs and other significant achievements in his career. It is narrated by Laurence Fishburne. The film includes appearances by numerous celebrities and professional athletes including Phil Jackson, Doug Collins, Bob Costas, Bill Murray, Ken Griffey, Jr., Steve Kerr, Spike Lee, Willie Mays, Stan Musial, Ahmad Rashad, and Pat Riley.
The company 411 PAIN or 411-PAIN, formally 1-800-411-PAIN, is an American medical and lawyer referral service. The firm, based in Davie, Florida, was established in 1996 by chiropractor Dr. Robert Lewin. The Florida Trend cites the firm as one of Florida's larger for-profit lawyer referral services, and Biotech Week cites the company as one of America's \"leading treatment and lawyer referral resources for people injured in auto accidents.\"
Atomic Ed and the Black Hole is a documentary released in 2001 by filmmaker, Ellen Spiro. The documentary was made for HBO's Cinemax Reel Life Series. Sheila Nevins served as Executive Producer and Lisa Heller served as Supervising Producer. Karen Bernstein served as Producer. Laurie Anderson provided her song, Big Science, for the soundtrack. Ed Grothus (“Atomic Ed”) is a machinist-turned-atomic junk collector who more than 30 years ago quit his job of making atomic bombs and began collecting non-radioactive high-tech nuclear waste discarded from the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Atomic Ed is the proprietor of the “The Black Hole”, a second-hand shop and, next door, curator of the unofficial museum of the nuclear age. His collection reveals and preserves the history of government waste that was literally thrown in a trash heap.
Komarów Górny [kɔˈmaruf ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Zamość and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 25.
Preila (German Preil) - is a settlement in the Neringa region (located on the Curonian Lagoon), on the Preilos bay (north of Ožkų ragas, south of Mažasis Preilos cape). The settlement is part of the Preila-Pervalka parish centre. Preila is 6 km north of Nida, which is a large tourist destination, with the Nida Airport serving as a region airport. The village is surrounded by many hills Preilos (53 m), Vecekrugas (67 m) and Karvaiciai (59 m). Preila is on located on the main road 167 which runs around the bay, serving as a connection between Nida and Klaipėda. Many of the homes are for rent for summer holidaymakers. The village is located about 2 kilometres away from the Baltic Sea. Most of the houses are from the nineteenth century, end of the twentieth century. There is a library which was built in 1954, and a marina which has connections on water to the nearby Nida. In the southern part of the settlement there is a folk cemetery. The Preila Neringa bike trail goes through the village connecting Nida and Juodkrantė.
Arthur Oliver Lonsdale Atkin (July 31, 1925 – December 28, 2008), who published under the name A. O. L. Atkin, was a British mathematician. As an undergraduate during World War II, Atkin worked at Bletchley Park cracking German codes. He received his Ph.D. in 1952 from the University of Cambridge, where he was one of John Littlewood's research students. During 1964–1970, he worked at the Atlas Computer Laboratory at Chilton, computing modular functions. Toward the end of his life, he was Professor Emeritus of mathematics at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Atkin, along with Noam Elkies, extended Schoof's algorithm to create the Schoof–Elkies–Atkin algorithm. Together with Daniel J. Bernstein, he developed the sieve of Atkin. Atkin is also known for his work on properties of the integer partition function and the monster module. He was a vocal fan of using computers in mathematics, so long as the end goal was theoretical advance: \"Each new generation of machines makes feasible a whole new range of computations; provided mathematicians pursue these rather than merely break old records for old sports, computation will have a significant part to play in the development of mathematics.\" Atkin died of hospital-acquired pneumonia on December 28, 2008, in Maywood, Illinois.
Like Father, Like Son is a collaborative studio album by the American rappers Birdman and Lil Wayne. The album was released on October 31, 2006, through Cash Money Records and Universal Records. Guest appearances include Fat Joe, T-Pain, Rick Ross, Tha Dogg Pound and All Star Cashville Prince. Producers included Swizz Beatz and Scott Storch. The album's first single was \"Stuntin' Like My Daddy\". The second single released from the album was \"Leather So Soft\". The third single was \"You Ain't Know\". All of those singles have music videos.
Kandupidi Kandupidi is an upcoming Tamil debut movie directed by Rama Subburayan starring Director Seeman, TV actor Murali. The film was produced by Kalki Yuva Samusivaraj.The film which was completed is yet to be released.
\"Live\" at the London Palladium is an album recorded live by the mother and daughter artists Judy Garland and Liza Minnelli. The album peaked at #41 on the Billboard Charts.
Parchatka [parˈxatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Dolny, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kazimierz Dolny, 6 km (4 mi) south of Puławy, and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
DON Market is a chain of supermarkets in the Republic of Macedonia. Don was founded in 2007, with its first store opening at Ohrid, Macedonia. Don now has a supermarket in Ohrid and Struga, but plans to open in other cities in Macedonia. Don is currently the most visited supermarket in Southwest Macedonia. It also has a chain of small shops known as Damping or Mini DON.
Guerrero 12, also known as 12th Warrior, is a Mexican documentary film that plans to release in theaters in the winter of 2011 in Mexico. The film is directed by Mexican director Miguel A. Reina and produced by E Corp Studio, and was shot on three continents in high definition digital cinema.
Kelis Was Here is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Kelis, released August 22, 2006 by Jive Records. It features production by Bangladesh, Raphael Saadiq, Max Martin, Sean Garrett, and Scott Storch, among others, and also features collaborations with will.i.am, Nas, Cee-Lo, Too Short, and Spragga Benz. The album received a nomination for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 2007 Grammy Awards and is notable for being the first Kelis record to feature no production from longtime collaborators The Neptunes.
Qeshlaq-e Ayan Ali Barat (Persian: قشلاق اينالي برات‎‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ayan Alī Barāt) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 29 families.
Live is the ninth album released by The Manhattan Transfer. It was recorded live at the Nakano Sun Plaza Hall in Japan on 20 & 21 February 1986. It was released in 1987. This was the group's second live album, and the first live album with Cheryl Bentyne in the group.
Soldiers of the King is a 1933 British historical comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Cicely Courtneidge, Edward Everett Horton and Anthony Bushell. It was Courtneidge's fourth film, and the first she appeared in without her husband Jack Hulbert. Courtneidge plays the matriarch of a music hall family, in a plot that switches between the Victorian era and the 1930s present. Filming began in August 1932. It was shot at Islington, Beaconsfield and Welwyn Studios. The film's art direction is by Alex Vetchinsky. It was popular enough to be re-issued in 1939.
Stephen Quake is an American scientist, inventor and entrepreneur. He earned his B.S. in Physics and M.S. in Mathematics from Stanford in 1991 and his D.Phil. in Physics from Oxford University in 1994 as a Marshall Scholar. His thesis research was in statistical mechanics and the effects of knots on polymers. He did his postdoctoral work at Stanford in single molecules biophysics with Steven Chu. Quake joined the faculty of the California Institute of Technology at the age of 26, where he rose through the ranks and was ultimately appointed the Thomas and Doris Everhart Professor of Applied Physics and Physics. He moved back to Stanford University in 2005 to help launch a new department in Bioengineering, where he is now the Lee Otterson Professor of Bioengineering and Applied Physics, and an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Quake has been elected to the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, the Institute of Medicine, the American Physical Society and the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering. He is the recipient of numerous international awards, including the Human Frontiers of Science Nakasone Prize, the Jacob Heskel Gabbay Award (2015), the MIT-Lemelson Prize for Innovation, the Raymond and Beverly Sackler International Prize in Biophysics, the NIH Director’s Pioneer Award, the American Society of Microbiology’s Promega Biotechnology Award, and the Royal Society of Chemistry Publishing’s Pioneer of Miniaturization Award. He has founded or co-founded several companies, including Fluidigm, Helicos Biosciences, Verinata Health, Quanticel Pharmaceuticals, Moleculo, Cellular Research and Immumetrix. Quake is a leader in experimental biophysics known for his pioneering new approaches to biological measurement. He has made many contributions to the field of microfluidics, including the invention of microfluidic large scale integration, and developed applications of microfluidics to areas as diverse as structural biology, drug discovery, and molecular affinity measurements. He has also made numerous contributions to the field of genomics, including the first single molecule DNA sequencing, techniques to perform single cell gene expression and genome sequencing, the development of non-invasive prenatal diagnostics to replace amniocentesis, prenatal genome sequencing, non-invasive tests for heart transplant rejection, and the development of approaches to sequence and analyze an individual's immune system. He was one of the first handful of people in the world to see their own genomes, and his genome was the subject of clinical annotation by a large team in the Stanford Hospital.
E.M.G. Yadava Women's College is in Thiruppalai, Madurai, India. It is affiliated to Madurai Kamaraj University and run by the Yadava Community Educational Trust. The motto of the college is \"Magalir Arivu, Kudumba Uyarvu\" which means \"By educating a woman we educate the whole family.\" It was established with the aim of providing education to the underprivileged women students. The mission of the institution is to achieve gender parity through women education and thereby creating a society in which the women become respectable, self-reliant and self-sufficient.
Beatin' the Odds is the fourteenth studio album by country artist Eddie Rabbitt. It was released in 1997 under the Intersound Records label. The album was recorded by Rabbitt after undergoing chemotherapy and having had a part of his lung removed to combat cancer. It was released eight months before his death. It included six new songs and six re-recordings of past hits including \"I Love a Rainy Night\" and \"Drivin' My Life Away\" from Horizon, \"On Second Thought\" and \"American Boy\" from Jersey Boy, \"Two Dollars in the Jukebox\" from Rocky Mountain Music and \"Suspicions\" from Loveline. Despite Rabbitt's condition, Allmusic gave the album four stars and commented that \"his vocal talent shines as brightly in this full-length offering as in any of the many others he completed during his long career.\"
Pierre Zalloua (Arabic: بيار زلّوعة)‎‎ is a Lebanese biologist. His contributions to biology include numerous researches in genetic predisposition to diseases such as type 1 diabetes and β-thalassemia. He is most noted for taking part in the National Geographic Society's Genographic Project.
Co-operative Bank Ltd. (CB Bank) (Burmese: သမဝါယမဘဏ်လီမိတက်) is a private bank in Myanmar. The CB Bank was established on 21 August 1992 with the permission of the Central Bank of Myanmar. The CB Bank's head office is located in the Latha township area of Yangon. CB Bank has 98 local branches. CB Bank has a range of banking services in consumer banking and business banking, among others. CB Bank launched the first ATM in Myanmar on 1 November 2011. The bank named the ATM service as EASI Banking. They have the largest network of ATM (236) and Foreign Exchange Counters (73) in Myanmar.
That's Not Funny, That's Sick is an American album of sketch comedy that was first released as a vinyl record in 1977. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine. The album is a collection of sketches from the National Lampoon Radio Hour, a radio show that was broadcast on 600 radio stations and ran from November 17, 1973 to December 28, 1974. The sketches on That's Not Funny, That's Sick star John Belushi, Brian Doyle-Murray, Bill Murray, and Christopher Guest, and feature, among others, Richard Belzer.
Erigeron schmalhausenii is an Asian species of flowering plants in the daisy family. It grows on mountains and glacial moraines in Xinjiang, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Siberia. Erigeron schmalhausenii is a perennial, clumping-forming herb up to 45 cm (18 inches) tall, forming a thick woody rhizomes. Its flower heads have pink or lilac ray florets surrounding yellow disc florets.
Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Truth, Beauty and a Picture of You is a \"Best of\" compilation album by Australian rock band The Whitlams. The album is a comprehensive look at the journey of the ARIA award winning band, from scrappy beginnings and tragedy to the success and stability of recent years. It also features a new song, The Road Is Lost, featuring Torcha and the Queensland Orchestra. The title comes from a lyric in the track \"No Aphrodisiac\". \"I actually wanted to call it Long Story Short (a title taken by new Tamworth band Chasing Bailey). If you listen to the songs you get exactly an understanding of where we've been.\" - Tim Freedman A two disc deluxe edition includes a bonus DVD with documentaries on the making of the Love This City and Torch The Moon albums, and footage of their concerts at the Sydney Opera House in 2007 with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra. An article in The Age promoted the album's release, discussing the orchestrally-reworked Whitlams songs, the highs and lows of the band, and Freedman's young daughter Alice.
Vreme brutalnih dobronamernika (trans. Time of Brutal Well-Intentioned People) is a compilation album released in 2010, featuring 17 Serbian (mostly metal) bands, which recorded the songs on the lyrics written by Serbian poet Milan B. Popović. The album cover was designed by graphic artist Jakša Vlahović. Vlahović is also a member of the band Abonos, which appeared on the compilation.
The Pataudi Palace, also called Ibrahim Kothi, is a former palace of the Nawabs of Pataudi, in Haryana, India. At the request of Iftikhar Ali Khan (1910–52), the 8th Nawab of Pataudi, the building was designed in the style of the colonial mansions of Imperial Delhi by Robert Tor Russell (1888–1972) assisted by the Austrian architect Karl Molt von Heinz. Many Hindi movies have also been shot here. Formerly a Neemrana Hotel, it was repossessed by actor Saif Ali Khan, son of the last Nawab, in 2014 and as of July 2015 remained closed for refurbishment.
Idahluy-e Bozorg (Persian: ايده لوي بزرگ‎‎, also Romanized as Īdahlūy-e Bozorg; also known as Īdahlū-ye Bozorg) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 458, in 131 families.
Sinkolo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 296 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,470. The village of Sinkolo, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 35 km south-southwest of Koutiala.
Sonhos de Peixe is a 2006 film by Kirill Mikhanovsky. It premiered on May 21, 2006 in the International Critic's Week competition (La Semaine de la Critique) at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
Macbeth is a 1987 French film of Verdi's opera Macbeth (libretto by Francesco Maria Piave based on Shakespeare's play) Directed by Claude d'Anna, it was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
Arvij (Persian: ارويج‎‎, also Romanized as Arvīj; also known as Ārbīj, Arvīch, Arbīch, Ārwīch, and Azvench) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 21 families.
Paja (Persian: پاجا‎‎, also Romanized as Pājā; also known as Pāchā) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 15 families.
(For other uses, see St. Patrick's School (disambiguation).) Saint Patrick's School (Chinese: 圣伯特理中学校) is a Lasallian Roman Catholic boys' secondary school in East Coast Road, Singapore. It is more commonly referred to as St Pat's, SPS or St Patrick's. Students and old boys call themselves Patricians or Sons of St. Patrick's. The school is well known for its Military Band, which has performed internationally and won awards In keeping with the school's Roman Catholic nature, students recite the Apostles' Creed in the morning, and the Angelus or the Regina Coeli during Easter at noon.
Canibália (English: Cannibalistic) is Daniela Mercury's ninth studio album, released on October 23, 2009 in Brazil by Sony Music. It was released on October 24 in the United States and on October 27 in the European Union. Mercury's first studio release in four years brings not only an eclectic sound, but also five different covers.
The Lonesome Death of Buck McCoy is an album by American rock band The Minus 5. Their final release of new material for Hollywood Records, it was released in 1997. The album title comes from contributors Peter Buck and Scott McCaughey.
Rajbiraj Model Higher Secondary School (RMHS) or Rajbiraj Model Campus is an educational institution in Rajbiraj, Nepal. The college is established in 2001. The college is affiliated by Higher Secondary Education Board (HSEB), Nepal for 10+2 course and Tribhuvan University for Bachelor level courses. It is one of the oldest college established in Rajbiraj Municipality. The school has around 500 students. It is situated in heart of Rajbiraj Municipality.
Celia Corres Giner (born January 22, 1964 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a former field hockey player from Spain, who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics on home soil (Barcelona).
Saul Krugman (April 7, 1911 – October 26, 1995) was an American pediatrician, medical researcher and vaccinologist whose controversial work led to the development of the vaccine against hepatitis B. According to vaccinologist Maurice Hilleman, Krugman's studies on hepatitis in the mentally retarded at the Willowbrook State School in New York City \"were the most unethical medical experiments ever performed in children in the United States\".
Seyyed Gatush (Persian: سيدگتوش‎‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Gatūsh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 7 families.
Paid in Full is the soundtrack to the 2002 film, Paid in Full. It was released on November 26, 2002 through Roc-A-Fella Records and featured two discs, the first disc was a collection of old school hip hop and R&B songs, while the second was a collection of new songs recorded by the Roc-A-Fella family. The soundtrack was mildly successful, peaking at 53 on the Billboard 200, 10 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 2 on the Top Soundtracks.
This album in 2010 had a Polish version, EWAkuacja. Some songs on EWAkuacja however, are compeletely different. Touzim=Ewakuacja Virtualni=Zwiode cie Jen tak=Bez lez Maska=Maska Ty jsi kral=Krol to ty Dest=Deszcz, and so on. The song from Virtualni 'Obrazova vila' has a Polish version, but it came out in 2011 and is featured on 'Ewa Farna-Live (Niezapomniany koncert urodzinowy)'Virtuální is the fifth studio album by the Polish pop rock singer Ewa Farna, released on 26 October 2009. This album has Czech lyrics, and its songs have a pop rock style with electronic mixes. One song on this album was composed by Farna, with assistance of producer Jan Steinsdörfer.\"Jen Tak\" was later sung by American Idol alumnus Kimberly Caldwell under its English title, \"Going Going Gone\" for her debut album \"Without Regret\". The song \"Kdo dá víc\" was in 2010 sung as \"Kiss It Goodbye\" by Miley Cyrus, for the album Hannah Montana Forever. However, these two artists did not cover Ewa because the songs are based in the database of Universal Music.
Beijing Benz (officially Beijing Benz Automotive Co., Ltd) is an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Beijing, China, and a joint venture between Beijing Automotive Group and Daimler AG. Since its founding in 1984, the company has kept the same Chinese co-owner but has had several foreign co-owners. As of 2009, Beijing Benz assembles and manufactures the Mercedes-Benz E-Class (long wheelbase), C-Class, and GLK-Class in China. While Beijing Benz does not produce all the Mercedes-branded autos sold on the Chinese market, such cars currently enjoy a reputation for high quality and popularity. Some Mercedes offerings, the S-Class for example, are imported by Mercedes-Benz (China) Ltd. Mercedes Benzes are, alongside FAW Group Audis, some of the only Western luxury cars to have gained popularity in the Chinese market. Sales in 2010 were expected to reach 50,000 cars, but total Mercedes Benz sales in China including imports were near 150,000. In 2008, Beijing Benz's production capacity was estimated at 100,000 units/year although that figure may consider engines and vehicles as discrete, and the company was likely able to produce only half that number of whole vehicles.
John F. Kennedy High School is a public high school located in unincorporated in Montgomery County, Maryland. The school is within the Glenmont census-designated place, and has a Silver Spring mailing address. The school is a part of Montgomery County Public Schools. Over 1,700 students are enrolled at Kennedy. Since the 2004-2005 school year Kennedy has been part of the Down County Consortium, which includes Montgomery Blair, Wheaton, Einstein, and Northwood High Schools. Kennedy's mascot is the Cavalier. Kennedy has several middle schools which feed into it as it is part of a consortium although there are two middle schools assigned specifically to Kennedy; Col. E. Brooke Lee Middle School, Argyle Middle School, and Eastern Middle School.
Chikkadpally is a village in the Kotagiri mandal, Nizamabad district, Telangana, India, located near to Rudrur. Chikkapally is the one of the main villages in the Nizamabad district. This village all the facilities with water and roads. Population with 1400 people living in the village. and with man=800 women=600, having nice environment with mutual understands with each other.
Hollenberg Pony Express Station, also known as Cottonwood Pony Express Station, was built by Gerat H. Hollenberg in 1858, to serve travelers on the Oregon and California Trails. When the Pony Express was established in 1860, the cabin served riders and provided remounts. The station also served the Butterfield Overland Mail. Hollenberg traded with emigrants on the trails, operated the westernmost Pony Express station in Kansas, and provided relay services for the Overland Mail. The building has never been moved and retains its original dimensions. Hollenberg prospered, establishing the town of Hanover, Kansas and winning election to the Kansas Legislature. The station is owned by the state of Kansas and is operated by the Kansas Historical Society as Hollenberg Pony Express Station State Historic Site. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966.
Die Young is the first official studio album by Pennsylvania hardcore punk band Wisdom In Chains. It was released in 2005 on Spook City Records, and re-issued in 2007 on Eulogy Recordings with new cover art.
Benesbard-e Sofla (Persian: بنس بردسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Benesbard-e Soflá; also known as Benesbard-e Pā’īn and Benesarūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 21 families.
(This article is about the 2011 film. For the home movie film format, see Super 8 film. For the 1999 film, see 8mm (film).) Super 8 is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by J. J. Abrams and produced by Steven Spielberg. The film stars Joel Courtney, Elle Fanning and Kyle Chandler and tells the story of a group of young teenagers who are filming their own Super 8 movie when a train derails, releasing a dangerous presence into their town. The movie was filmed in Weirton, West Virginia and surrounding areas. Super 8 was released on June 10, 2011, in conventional and IMAX theaters in the United States. The film was well received, with critics praising the film for its nostalgia, visual effects, musical score, and for the performances of its young actors, particularly those of Fanning and newcomer Courtney. It was also a commercial success, grossing over $260 million against a $50 million budget. The film received several awards and nominations; primarily in technical and special effects categories, Giacchino's musical score, as well as for Courtney and Fanning's performances as the film's two young leads.
Bajh Kanda  is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2241 people living in 375 individual households.
Lucy & Carly - The Simon Sisters Sing For Children was The Simon Sisters fourth, and last album, released in 1973 by Columbia Records (Columbia CR21539). It was essentially a re-release of The Simon Sisters Sing The Lobster Quadrille And Other Songs For Children and contained the same songs and track listing, but with additional recording and mixing. More percussion and guitars were added to give the songs a fuller 1970s sound.
Paulina Joanna Boenisz (born September 28, 1978 in Warsaw) is a three-time Olympic modern pentathlete from Poland. She is also a six-time Polish national champion and a multiple-time medalist at the World Championships, where she won four golds for both women's team and relay events. Boenisz achieved her best results, and consistently performed in the women's event at the Olympics, finishing fifth in 2000, tenth in 2004, and sixth in 2008.
Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas (often shortened to Las Ventas) is a famous bullring located in Madrid, Spain. Situated in the Guindalera quarter of the district of Salamanca, it was inaugurated on June 17, 1931. It has a seating capacity of 25,000. This bullring was designed by the architect José Espeliú in the Neo-Mudéjar (Moorish) style with ceramic incrustations. The seats are situated in ten \"tendidos\". The price of the seats depends upon how close they are to the arena and whether they are in the sun or the shade (the latter being more expensive). The bullfighting season starts in March and ends in October; bullfights are held every day during the San Isidro Fiesta, and every Sunday or holiday during the season. Bullfights start at 6 or 7pm and last for two to three hours. \"Las Ventas\" is located in the east of Madrid.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Evanston, Wyoming is a small church in the Carpenter Gothic style. The church was built in 1884-1885, and at the time was the only Protestant church in a community dominated by Mormons and Catholics. In its early history it hosted Lutherans, Methodists and Presbyterians in addition to its Episcopalian congregation. The simple plan features a nave entered from a side narthex, with an apse set apart from the nave by a Gothic arch. The windows are pointed arches with quatrefoils. Construction is wood frame with drop or beveled siding. The detailing is principally plain flat material, with some evidence of Stick Style influence. St. Paul's Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Rosenberg's Department Store is located at Fourth and D Streets in downtown Santa Rosa, California. The structure is the most significant example of the Streamline Moderne style in Santa Rosa, and was the tallest building in the city for many years.
Gaunswala is a village in Kapurthala district of Punjab State, India. It is located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) from Kapurthala, which is both district and sub-district headquarters of Gaunswala. The village is administrated by a sarpanch, an elected representative of the village.
George Henry Corliss High School (commonly known as Corliss High School) is a public four–year high school located in the Pullman neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. Corliss is operated by the Chicago Public Schools district. The school is named in the honor of American engineer George Henry Corliss. Corliss opened in September 1974. The school's sports teams are nicknamed the Trojans. Corliss shares its campus with Butler College Preparatory High School, a public charter school which is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools.
Trouble in Store is a 1953 British comedy film starring Norman Wisdom as a department store clerk in his screen debut. For his performance, Wisdom won a BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer. The film broke box office records at 51 out of the 67 London cinemas in which it played. The Daily Mirror reviewer wrote of the film: \"If you don't laugh at Norman's antics as the downtrodden worker in a big store, trying to get promotion as a window dresser, there is something wrong with your sense of fun.\"
Sardinia Kidnapped (Italian: Sequestro di persona, lit. \"Kidnapped\"), also known as Ransom in Sardinia, Island of Crime and Unlawful Restraint, is a 1968 Italian poliziotteschi film directed by Gianfranco Mingozzi and starring Franco Nero, Charlotte Rampling and Frank Wolff.
Knut Emil Willehard Alm (5 March 1889 – 3 June 1969) was a Swedish runner. He competed in cross-country events at the 1920 Summer Olympics and finished 30th individually. Although he was a member of the bronze medal winning Swedish cross country team, he did not receive a medal because only three best runners from each team were honored, while Hedwall was sixth.
Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ożarów, 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Opatów, and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 80.
Cheshmeh Zard (Persian: چشمه زرد‎‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Lewałd Wielki [ˈlɛvau̯t ˈvjɛlki] (German: Groß Lehwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dąbrówno, 28 km (17 mi) south of Ostróda, and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 240.
Outlaw is a 2007 action-crime-drama film written and directed by British filmmaker Nick Love. Outlaw stars Sean Bean, Danny Dyer, Bob Hoskins, Lennie James, Rupert Friend and Sean Harris. The film is set in Britain in 2006. Sean Bean plays a soldier who returns home from duty to find that the country for which he has been fighting has become a war zone itself thanks to rampant crime. He joins forces with likeminded people to take on the evil that threatens to take over his home.
Derby (/ˈdɑːrbi/ DAR-bi) is a city in Derbyshire, England, on the banks of the River Derwent. In 2011, it had a population of 248,700. Derby was settled by Romans – who established the town of Derventio – Saxons and Vikings, who made Derby one of the Five Boroughs of the Danelaw. Initially a market town, Derby grew rapidly in the industrial era. Home to Lombe's Mill, an early British factory, Derby has a claim to be one of the birthplaces of the Industrial Revolution. With the arrival of the railways in the 19th century, the city became a centre of the British rail industry. Derby is an internationally renowned centre for advanced transport manufacturing, home to the world’s second largest aero-engine manufacturer, Rolls-Royce, and Derby Litchurch Lane Works, for many years the UK's only train manufacturer. Toyota Manufacturing UK's automobile headquarters is south west of the city at Burnaston.
St. Mary's College is a Catholic Boys College in Negombo, Sri Lanka. The college was founded in 1871 by Rev. Fr. John Visthrini, the Parish Priest of the Grand Street Church.The first school principal was Rev. Fr. F. L. Briton (1906-1914).
Common names:Brazilian Button, Lark Daisy, กระดุมไพลิน, กระดุมหยก, กระดุมม่วง Centratherum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family. Species 1.  \n*  Centratherum australianum (K.Kirkman) A.R.Bean  - New South Wales, Queensland 2.  \n*  Centratherum cardenasii H.Rob.  - Bolivia 3.  \n*  Centratherum confertum K.Kirkman - Paraguay, Rio Grande do Sul, Corrientes 4.  \n*  Centratherum phyllolaenum (DC.) Benth. ex Hook.f - Indian Subcontinent 5.  \n*  Centratherum punctatum Cass. - South America (Venezuela to northern Argentina), Panama, Nicaragua, Trinidad Considered invasive in Hawaii (USA), Galapagos Islands, New Caledonia, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands
Cyborgs Revisited is an album by Simply Saucer, released in 1989 on Mole Sound Records and Cargo Records. It was compiled from various archival recordings by the band, who had only ever released one 7\" single before breaking up in 1979. The album's first side was an unreleased demo produced by Daniel Lanois and Bob Lanois in 1974, and the album's second side was a 1975 concert recorded on the roof of Hamilton's Jackson Square.
CroisiEurope (Alsace Croisières until 1997), is an international river cruise company. It operates a fleet of river cruising vessels along the rivers of Europe, Russia, Mekong, Birmania, Africa, South America and United States. The company also offers cruises on seas, like the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, the Black sea… CroisiEurope has offices and sales offices in Strasbourg, Lyon, Paris, Nice, Lausanne, United States…
Scat Paradise (\"スキャット天国\") is a Scatman John EP released only in Japan. It features the song \"Hey, You!\", a rarity previously only available as the B-side to the \"Song of Scatland\" single and later remixed and re-released as \"U-Turn\" on the Everybody Jam! album. \"Jazzology\" is an ode to the history of jazz and musicians that have inspired the Scatman. The track was recorded exclusively for this EP and was later made available on the Japanese pressing of Everybody Jam! and on 2002's The Best of Scatman John. The disc is rounded off with remixes and karaoke versions of his two best known songs, \"Scatman (Ski Ba Bop Ba Dop Bop)\" and \"Scatman's World\". Scat Paradise reached #45 in Japan and sold 30,000 copies.
The Love of Captain Brando (Spanish: El amor del capitán Brando) is a 1974 Spanish drama film written and directed by Jaime de Armiñán, starring Ana Belén, Fernando Fernán Gómez and Jaime Gamboa. It was shot in Pedraza, a medieval village in the province of Segovia, renamed Trescabañas in the film. The plot follows the relationship of Aurora, a young school teacher, with two men of opposite generations who fall in love with her: Fernando, a middle age republican exile, and Juan, a thirteen-year-old boy who enjoys playing acting in Westerns, and his imitation of Marlon Brando gives the film its title. The Love of Captain Brando was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.The film was a critical and commercial success.
Hearts of Stone is the fifth studio album by American rock band Stoneground, released in 1978 on Warner Bros. Produced by Bob Gaudio, it marked Stoneground's return to a major label, having released their previous album, Flat Out (1976), on their own label. \"Prove It\" was released as the first single from Hearts of Stone.
Be A Man! Samurai School (魁!!男塾 Sakigake!! Otokojuku, lit \"Charge!! Men's Cram School\") is a Japanese film released in 2008. It is written, directed by and starring Tak Sakaguchi. This is the first film he has directed. It is based on Akira Miyashita's manga series Sakigake!! Otokojuku. The film's ending theme is \"Yaiba\" (刃 Blade) by The Back Horn. It premiered at the Fantasia Festival in 2008, and was subsequently screened at the New York Asian Film Festival in 2009.
Gajapathi Garvabhanga is a 1989 Indian comedy film in the Kannada language. It was directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by the actor Rajkumar's production company Poornima Enterprises. The movie starred his second son Raghavendra Rajkumar and Malashri. The cast included Dheerendra Gopal, Srinath and Honnavalli Krishna. The film ran in theatres for 365 days. Raghavendra Rajkumar's previous movie Nanjundi Kalyana was also a comedy with involving many of the same cast and crew.
Wrocanka [vrɔˈt͡saŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejsce Piastowe, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krosno and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 1,200.
Chah-e Shomareh 6 Chah Salari (Persian: چاه شماره 6چاه سالاري‎‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh 6 Chāh-e Sālārī) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 6 families.
ISRA VISION PARSYTEC AG is a company of ISRA VISION AG and was founded in 1985 as Parsytec (PARallel SYstem TEChnology) in Aachen, Germany. Parsytec has become known in the late 1980s and early 1990s as a manufacturer of transputer-based parallel systems. Products ranged from a single transputer plug-in board for the IBM PC up to large massively-parallel systems with thousands of transputers (or processors, respectively) such as the Parsytec GC. Some sources call the latter ultracomputer sized, scalable multicomputers (smC). As part of the ISRA VISION AG, today the company focusses on solutions in the machine vision and industrial image procession sector. The ISRA Parsytec products are used for quality and surface inspection especially in the metal and paper industries.
Chak No.65-GB Mukandpur is a historical village located about 25 kilometers towards south of Faisalabad and nearly 10 kilometres toward north of Jaranwala on Jaranwala - Faisalabad in Tehsil Jaranwala of District Faisalabad in Pakistan. The famous and the oldest politician of Faisalabad, Muhammad Akram Chaudhry belongs to this village. His family is the most oldest political family in the history of Faisalabad. And Malik Ali Murtaza Hafiz Mohammad Saeed Mohsin Raza Shan Don Anees ur rehman living in 65 GB
OJSC “Bashkirenergo” (Russian: ОАО «Башкирэнерго») is a power and heat company operating in Bashkortostan, Russia. The major shareholder of the company is a holding company Sistema. 21.27% of shares is owned by the Russian grid company FGC UES.
How to Eat Fried Worms is a 2006 American children's comedy film directed and written by Bob Dolman and produced by Mark Johnson and Philip Steuer with music by Mark Mothersbaugh and Robert Mothersbaugh. It is loosely based on Thomas Rockwell's 1973 children's book of the same name. It was also produced by Walden Media and distributed by New Line Cinema. Development began in 1998 and theatrical release for the U.S. and Canada was August 25, 2006. The film stars Luke Benward, Adam Hicks, Hallie Eisenberg, Austin Rogers, Andrew Gillingham, Alexander Gould, Blake Garrett, and Philip Daniel Bolden. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
Avant-garde Pictures is a production company specialized in film and video productions. The company has been created by Giacomo Mantovani and Cristina Isoli in January 2011, while become an Ltd on the 3rd of August 2011. Avant-garde Pictures' main goal is to promote new talents working in all the fields of the audio-visual media, from corporate to music video, from video installation to video art, from documentary and short film to feature film. It has already demonstrated its ability to gather widespread acclaim and international exposure in its early few months of activity, receiving many official selections from international film festivals and contests as 242 Movie Tv, Anacaff, Sarno Film Festival, winning awards with the short films Political Asylum  and Adamant
J. (John) Alden Loring (March 31, 1871 – May 8, 1947) was a mammalogist and field naturalist who served with the Bureau of Biological Survey, United States Department of Agriculture, the Bronx Zoological Park, the Smithsonian Institution and numerous expeditions collecting specimens in North America, Europe and Africa. A voluminous and careful traveling collector, Loring was recognized early in his career for 900 specimens collected, prepared and sent to the United States National Museum over a three-month period during an 1898 expedition through Scandinavia and northwestern Europe. Loring's work and professional relationships spanned several continents focusing on collecting and documenting species of mammals. He served on the Smithsonian-Roosevelt African Expedition (1909–1910) as the Smithsonian specialist designated to preserve small mammals collected during the year-long expedition. In 1916, he was sent as a joint envoy of the New York Zoological Park, Philadelphia Zoological Gardens and the National Zoological Park to South Africa to collect animals and if possible to arrange for a supply of future living specimens. J. Alden Loring's personal papers are held by the Smithsonian Institution Archives. His collection of field books are part of the Smithsonian's Field Book Registry. Loring's rat was named for him (Heller, 1909).
CSB (Chronus Satellite Broadcast) News is Bangladesh's first 24-hour news & current affairs channel. Mediaguru has consulted for the complete planning and implementation for the new channel which has been launched by a leading corporate house of Bangladesh. The channel is a part of the Focus Multimedia Company. CSB News started broadcasting test transmissions from March 24, 2007 and started commercially broadcasting from April 9, 2007. The channel transmits from the Telstar 10 satellite located at 76.5°E on the 4041 MHz frequency.
Funny About Love is a 1990 American romantic comedy film directed by Leonard Nimoy and starring Gene Wilder. With a screenplay by Norman Steinberg and David Frankel, the film is based on the article \"Convention of the Love Goddesses\" in Esquire Magazine by Bob Greene.
Parava (Persian: پارو‎‎, also Romanized as Pāravā; also known as Yarū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 4 families.
Vicks DayQuil is an over-the-counter combination medication product used for the temporary relief of common cold and flu symptoms. DayQuil is available in several formulations. DayQuil was introduced in 1974 under the name \"DayCare\" and is currently advertised for daytime use because of its non-drowsy active ingredients. The brand name was reintroduced as \"DayQuil\" in 1992. DayQuil's nighttime counterpart, NyQuil, is also available for the relief of cold and flu symptoms during the night. These products are not intended to cure the common cold or the flu.
Ulterior Emotions was an album released in 2002 by Budweiser as part of their \"Bud Light Institute\" advertising campaign. The album was a giveaway available to purchase on their website. Also, for a time, you could download the song \"You're Beautiful (Can I Go Up North This Weekend?)\" on their website for free. Lyrics were included with the album.
Live was the first official live, and overall sixth, album by the British band Happy Mondays, recorded live at Elland Road stadium, Leeds, England on 1 June 1991. Many bootleg recordings of Happy Mondays were coming out at the time. This is the same show as the Baby Big Head Bootleg Album, which was sufficiently popular that the band released it officially. The album is viewed with disdain by many, who see it as an attempt to cash in on the proliferation of live bootleg recordings of the time. Others view the album as a fascinating document of a band who defined the Madchester era, delivered in superior sound quality compared to that of the many bootlegs.
New Theatres is an Indian film studio. It was formed in Calcutta by producer B. N. Sircar (Birendranath Sircar, the recipient of Dadasaheb Phalke Award of 1970). It was formed on 10 February 1931. Motto of this company was– Jivatang Jyotiretu Chhayam (Light infusing shadows with life). Sircar preferred to function roughly analogous to what in USA was known as an executive producer. He built a processing laboratory... and got around him a devoted band of people.... Having decided on or approved a story or a subject for a film and the team to make it [Sircar] ensured that adequate funds were provided... but refrained from interfering with its execution. He made New Theatres a symbol of Bengali cinema's artistic good taste and technical excellence. Dena Paona, a Bengali talkie, was released in 1931, directed by Premankur Atarthi and produced by New Theatres. Famous musician Raichand Boral composed for this movie. According to Kironmoy Raha, \"New Theatres made its reputation secure with Chandidas directed by Debaki Bose in 1932,\" after the studio had produced five talkies. In 1935, P.C. Barua directed and acted in Devdas, based on Saratchandra Chatterjee's novel Devdas, and this film became phenomenally successful in the industry. In 1935, playback singing was first used in India in the Bengali film Bhagya Chakra by Nitin Bose. The singers were K C Dey, Parul Ghosh and Suprabha Sarkar. Dhoop Chhaon, Hindi remake of this film, was the first Hindi film to use playback singing. Kanan Devi was the first popular star actress, who appeared in many films produced by New Theatres. Also there was a group of talented actors with New Theatres like K.L. Saigal, K. C. Dey, Prithviraj Kapoor, Chhabi Biswas, Bikash Roy, Pahari Sanyal, Basanta Choudhury. Top directors like Premankur Atarthi, P.C. Barua, Debaki Bose and Nitin Bose worked in New Theatres films. The Famous musicians who worked there include R. C. Boral, Pankaj Mullick and Timir Baran.
The Balancing Act is a compilation album by indie rock band Cool Hand Luke. It contains songs previously released on the band's albums, EP, and vinyl, plus three new songs. It was released in 2007 on Floodgate Records.
Charles Lawrence Boynton (February 7, 1864–September 16, 1943) was an American botanist active in the Southeastern United States, working at Biltmore Estate with Chauncey Beadle and his brother, Frank Ellis Boynton. The oak species Quercus boyntonii was named in honor of Charles Lawrence Boynton. The standard author abbreviation C.L.Boynton is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.
Direction of Things to Come was the debut full-length album from New Jersey, U.S. hardcore punk band Ensign. It was released on Indecision Records in November, 1997 and it followed two 7\" vinyl EPs. As well as being released on CD, Indecision Records continued their tradition of making limited edition vinyl production runs and this release appeared on 3403 black, 515 grey and 400 purple discs, the latter released to coincide with a European tour, with a different cover.
Cheney School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Headington, Oxford, England. It serves the Headington and East Oxford area as a destination for students from primary schools across the city. The head-teacher, Jolie Kirby, was appointed in 2006 when Alan Lane retired after 25 years service.
Sletta is a rural linear village in the municipality of Radøy in Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies on the northern side of the island of Radøy about a 50-minute drive north of the city of Bergen. There are about 400 inhabitants in the Sletta area. It is the site of the Emigrant Church, Sletta.
Bath Historic District is a historic district in Bath, Beaufort County, North Carolina. The district is now a North Carolina Historic Site known as Historic Bath, and includes a visitor center offering guided tours of the Bonner House and Palmer-Marsh House, which is also a National Historic Landmark. Visitors can also tour the Van der Veer House and St. Thomas Episcopal Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The Curtain Pole is a 1909 American comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film still exists. The film was made by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee, New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.
Schneider vs. Bax is a 2015 Dutch film directed by Alex van Warmerdam, starring Tom Dewispelaere and Warmerdam. It tells the story of a contract killer who has one day to assassinate a reclusive writer.
Desire (often stylized as Iyanya vs. Desire) is the second studio album by Nigerian recording artist Iyanya, released by Made Men Music Group on February 6, 2013. The album's production was handled by Tee Y Mix, D'Tunes, Mr. Chido and GospelOnDeBeatz. The 19-track album features guest appearances from M.I, Wizkid, D'banj, Emma Nyra, Tiwa Savage, Flavour N'abania, May D, Tekno Miles, and Yung L. The album was supported by six singles—\"Kukere\", \"Kukere Remix\", \"Flavour\", \"Jombolo\", \"Ur Waist\" and \"Sexy Mama\".
Fan Club Event 2008: Let's Party Vol. 1 (stylized as FAN CLUB EVENT 2008 「Let's Party Vol.1」) is the first Fanclub Exclusive DVD from Japanese star Koda Kumi. It was a performance of 11 concerts held in 7 locations throughout Japan. The DVD was only sold for a limited time. The DVD contains a questionnaire for every area visited and, whichever ranked the highest, that was the performance Koochan gave in that area.
Lalabad-e Kol Kol-e Yek (Persian: لعل ابادكل كل يك‎‎, also Romanized as La‘lābād-e Kol Kol-e Yek) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 22 families.
Iron Dawn is the fifth EP by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at Endarker Studio in March 2011 and released that May by Regain Records on CD and limited vinyl.
Wunderlichia mirabilis is a plant species endemic to the highlands of east-central Brazil. It is known from the states of Espírito Santo, Minas Gerais, Goias, and São Paulo. W. mirabilis is a branching tree up to 5 m tall. Leaves are broadly ovate to lanceolate, thick, and leathery. Flower heads have a large urn-shaped receptacle with whitish, tomentose phyllaries tapering toward the tip. Flowers are wind-pollinated.
Kakka is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. N. Sundaram and produced by CV Hariharan. The film stars Rohini, Kakka Ravi, Raghuvaran and Adoor Bhasi in lead roles. The film had musical score by KV Mahadevan.
Zoshk (Persian: زشك‎‎, also Romanized as Zoshg) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,171, in 535 families.
Drogiszka [drɔˈɡiʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Mława and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
Olga Arsenievna Oleinik (Russian: О́льга Арсе́ньевна Оле́йник) (2 July 1925 – 13 October 2001) was a Soviet mathematician who conducted pioneering work on the theory of partial differential equations, the theory of strongly inhomogeneous elastic media, and the mathematical theory of boundary layers. She was a student of Ivan Petrovsky. She studied and worked at the Moscow State University. She received many prizes for her remarkable contributions: the Chebotarev Prize in 1952; the Lomonosov Prize in 1964; the State Prize 1988; the Petrowsky Prize in 1995; and the Prize of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1995. Also she was member of several foreign academies of sciences, and earned several honorary degrees.
Johannes Jordell (24 June 1879 – 23 August 1958) was a Norwegian sport shooter. He was born in Arendal, and his club was Oslo Sportsskyttere. He competed in military rifle and small-bore rifle at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.
Karnice [karˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Adrian Wu (Adrian Francis Wu Ming Bong) born on 9 August 1990 in Burlington, Ontario, is a Canadian Fashion Designer. In 2015, Wu came out as neutrois, a non-binary gender identity on their YouTube channel and started going by gender neutral pronouns, in the same year they also began advocating with Toronto's Supporting Our Youth organization.
Cyanide in the Beefcake, the third studio album of Johannes Kerkorrel, was released in early 1994. After Kerkorrel's death in 2002 the lyrics to the title track were said to have been a possible prediction of his suicide.
Rezvaniyeh (Persian: رضوانيه‎‎, also Romanized as Rez̤vānīyeh; also known as Rezvāneh) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Żebry-Chudek [ˈʐɛbrɨ ˈxudɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
Pritchardia napaliensis is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii, United States. It inhabits gulch slopes in coastal mesic forests on the Nā Pali coastline, especially in the vicinity of Hoʻoluu Valley. P. napaliensis reaches a height of 4–6 m (13–20 ft) and a trunk diameter of 18–20 cm (7.1–7.9 in).
Sinugra (also spelled Shinoogra / Sinogra / Sinougra) is a village 7 km from the town of Anjar, in the Anjar taluka of Kutch district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Himeji (姫路市 Himeji-shi) is a city located in Hyōgo Prefecture in the Kansai region of Japan. As of May 1, 2016, the city has an estimated population of 534,881, with 213,950 households and a population density of 1,000.84 persons per km². The total area is 534.43 km2 (206.34 sq mi).
Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Limited (GASCO) is a natural gas producing company of Abu Dhabi, UAE. It is a subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC), which owns 68 percent stake in the company. Other shareholders are Shell Abu Dhabi (15 percent), Total SA (15 percent) and Partex (2 percent). The company was established in 1975.
Loi Hein Company Limited (Burmese: လွယ်ဟိန်းကုမ္ပဏီ) is a major Myanmar-based company specializing in fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG). Loi Hein is known for its soft drink products, including the Alpine bottled water brand, and an energy drink line called Shark. IBTC was founded in 1996 by Sai Sam Htun, an ethnic Shan.
Elliot Lake Secondary School (ELSS) is a high school in Elliot Lake, Ontario, Canada. The school began in 1956 with 23 students and quickly grew to 1193 students by 1990. The following year, the school only saw an enrollment of 899 students and the institution's population would continue to drop thereafter. As of September 2009, the enrolment was 483. The school's athletic teams are known as the \"Atoms\" in reference to the uranium mines that were the town's principal employer. At its height, Elliot Lake was considered the uranium capital of the world. The school was built in four phases during 1957, 1959, 1964 and 1968. The building consists of 27 classrooms, five science labs, three technology shops, one manufacturing shop, one double gymnasium with a folding wall, one library, one family studies room, one music room, a drama room and a cafeteria, with a total floor space of 9,507 square metres (102,332 sq ft). In the 2010 Fraser Institute Ontario secondary school report cards, Elliot Lake Secondary School ranked 225 of 727 schools in Ontario. Students who participate in the school's widely acclaimed travel and tourism class have the opportunity to travel overseas for experiences in places such as Greece, Italy, and Scandinavia. As per tradition, each Friday the school holds a draw in which one staff member and one classroom is selected for a weekly prize. The school newspaper is The Spirit. The teachers receive the \"Oil Can\" once a week.
The Country and Western Sound of Jazz Pianos is an album recorded by jazz pianists Toshiko Akiyoshi and Steve Kuhn in New York City in 1963 and released on the Dauntless label. It was later re-released on the Chiaroscuro label under the title, Together, Steve Kuhn and Toshiko Akiyoshi.
Pishunla Key (Persian: پيشان لكي‎‎, also Romanized as Pīshūnla Key; also known as Pīshūnlū Key) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 584, in 128 families.
Nicolai Kiær (April 2, 1888 – May 29, 1934) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics. As a member of the Norwegian team, he won the silver medal in the gymnastics team event in 1908.
Michałkowo [mixau̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Michelsbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Lipno, and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Toruń.
Bremerton is a city in Kitsap County, Washington, United States. The population was 39,520 at the 2015 State Estimate, making it the largest city on the Kitsap Peninsula. Bremerton is home to Puget Sound Naval Shipyard and the Bremerton Annex of Naval Base Kitsap. Bremerton is connected to Downtown Seattle by a 60-minute ferry route, which carries both vehicles and walk-on passengers along a 17-mile sailing route to Seattle.
Empire: Original Soundtrack Season 2 Volume 2 is the third soundtrack album by the cast of the musical drama television series Empire which airs on Fox. The album includes songs that featured during the second season of the show. It was released on April 29, 2016. The Soundtrack was Recorded & Mixed at Periscope Post & Audio in Chicago, IL. Mixed By Jason Nuemann, Andrew Twiss, Kevin Davis, Justin Hind, Matt Gubernick, Jim Beanz, & Rodney \"Every Ave\" Murrille.
Paul Robeson High School for Human Services is a district-run high school in Philadelphia with city-wide admissions. The school is one of eight schools in the country that offers a focus in the human services field. The school is named after Paul Robeson. As part of Philadelphia's shutdown of 23 district-run schools in 2013, some displaced students from University City High School were relocated to Paul Robeson High School for Human Services.
Gushkhani (Central Kurdish: گۆشخانی‎, Persian: گوشخانی‎‎, also Romanized as Gūshkhānī; also known as Goshkhāneh and Qoshkhāneh) is a village in Razab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,107, in 289 families.
Özlüce is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at 37°00′N 35°03′E﻿ / ﻿37.000°N 35.050°E in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the east of Tarsus. Turkish state highway D-400 is to the south and Turkish motor way O-51 is to the north of the village . Its distance to Tarsus is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) and to Mersin is 44 kilometres (27 mi). The population of Özlüce was 461  as of 2012. Main economic activity is farming and the most pronounced crop is grape .
Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] (German: Bresen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Lipno and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Toruń.
Aspen Creek Grill (formerly Aspen Creek) is a restaurant chain previously owned by Texas Roadhouse. The first Aspen Creek restaurant was opened in the Louisville suburb of Fern Creek, on February 24, 2009. As its name implies, the store's design is much like a mountain lodge found around Aspen. Aspen Creek's menu centers on pizza, salads, chicken, pasta and seafood. Aspen Creek restaurants are located in Louisville, Kentucky, Noblesville, Indiana, and Amarillo, Irving, Lubbock and San Antonio in Texas.
Tekuté písky (Quicksands) is a folk album by Karel Kryl, issued in Czechoslovakia by company Bonton in 1990. Songs for the album were selected by Jiří Černý, who previously worked with Kryl on his most successful album Close the Gate, Little Brother (1969). The album was recorded in the studio of Martin Kratochvíl. Lyrics of the opening song Quicksands is adaptation of poem Wedding Song by Jaroslav Seifert. Lyrics of the closing song Velvet Spring is Kryl's reflection on the Velvet Revolution.
Wielka Wieś A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Widawa, 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Łask, and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Journey to Portugal (Portuguese: Viagem a Portugal) is a 2011 Portuguese film directed and written by Sergio Tréfaut, based on a true story. It was Tréfaut's first feature-length fiction film and stars Maria de Medeiros, Isabel Ruth, and Makena Diop.
Falling Out is the second album by Peter Bjorn and John, released on October 4, 2004. While no videos were released, three singles were derived from the album; the promo-only single for Tailormade and full releases for Teen Love and It Beats Me Every Time. The last track on the album, 'Goodbye Again, Or...' is of very low quality in all formats, due to the only recording of the song coming from lead singer and guitarist Peter Moren's mobile phone- added to the album on the last day before mastering. During the tour for his first solo album The Last Tycoon, Moren has performed the song acoustically in an extended form featuring a harmonica solo. Wichita Recordings, responsible for later re-releases of the band's early work, later re-released this album with bonus tracks taken from the singles derived from the album, in the same manner as their debut work. The bonus tracks on this re-release included the extra tracks from the 'Beats, Traps & Backgrounds' EP and 'Fortune Favours Only The Brave', from the 'Teen Love' single. The single covers are notable for being composed entirely of text in the same font as that on the monochrome album art, which itself is a homage to The Velvet Underground's third, self-titled album. The all-text theme carried over into the band's live shows, with the backdrop printed with the word 'Backdrop' repeating endlessly over it, and the amplifiers decorated in the same manner.
Greatest Hits is the first compilation album released by British trio N-Dubz, released following the announcement of the group's plans to go on a two-year hiatus. It was released in the United Kingdom on 28 November 2011 by Island Records. The album contains tracks from the band's three studio albums \"Uncle B\" (2008), \"Against All Odds\" (2009) and \"Love.Live.Life\" (2010). It includes fourteen of the group's singles, (excluding \"Feva Las Vegas\" and \"We Dance On\") one album track, two live lounge covers and the original N-Dubz version of Dappy's first solo single, \"No Regrets\".The album's release comes after the group announced an indefinite hiatus to focus on solo careers.
The Building at 306 South Second Street is a historic industrial building located in Bellevue, Iowa, United States. It is one of over 217 limestone structures in Jackson County from the mid-19th century, of which 20 are commercial/industrial buildings. The two-story structure was built in 1859 as an industrial facility. It is believed it was initially used as a pork processing plant that produced salt pork, which was then shipped down the Mississippi River. Subsequently, it has housed Haney & Campbell Creamery and Dairy Supplies, a saloon, a pool hall, and by 1928, a residence. The stone blocks that were used in the construction of this square structure vary somewhat in shape and size, and they were laid in courses. The window sills, lintels and watertable are dressed stone. Its two main elevations on Second and Chestnut streets are symmetrical, with three bays. Both have a door in the central bay. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Still is a 2014 British drama film written and directed by Simon Blake, adapted from his play Lazarus Man. It stars Aidan Gillen as a grieving father who comes into confrontation with a youth gang in London. It premiered at the Galway Film Fleadh in July 2014 and was released in the UK in May 2015. Rotten Tomatoes assigned it an approval rating of 44% based on nine reviews.
Moczele [mɔˈt͡ʂɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew, 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie, and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
Beti No.1 (English: Daughter No.1) is a 2000 Bollywood comedy-drama film, written by Santosh Saroj and directed by Rama Rao Tatineni. It was released on 13 October 2000. The film is a remake of Malayalam film Aadyathe Kanmani. The film features Govinda, Rambha, Aruna Irani and Johnny Lever in pivotal roles, while Prem Chopra, Ashok Saraf, Laxmikant Berde and Rakesh Bedi appear in supporting roles. well known villain Prem Chopra played a rare positive role in this film.
Mary Cynthia Dickerson (March 7, 1866 – April 23, 1923) was an American herpetologist and the first curator of herpetology at the American Museum of Natural History, as well as the first curator in the now defunct department of Woods and Forestry. For ten years she was the editor of The American Museum Journal, which was renamed Natural History during her editorship. She published two books: Moths and Butterflies (1901) and The Frog Book (1906) as well as numerous popular and scientific articles. She described over 20 species of reptiles and is commemorated in the scientific names of four types of lizard.
Kalkowshavand-e Sofla (Persian: كلكوشوندسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Kalkowshavand-e Soflá; also known as Kalkoshavand-e Soflá and Kalkowshavand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 31 families.
Modiin Energy LP (Hebrew: מודיעין אנרגיה‎‎) is a publicly traded company engaged in oil and gas exploration in Israel. It is listed on the TA MidCap 50 Index as well as on the TA Oil and Gas Index of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. The company owns rights to drilling licenses in various locations throughout Israel and in Israel's maritime exclusive economic zone.
Carmen Cristina Toma (born 28 March 1989) is a Romanian athlete specialising in the triple jump. She won the bronze medal at the 2013 Summer Universiade. She has personal bests of 14.29 metres outdoors (2009) and 13.89 metres indoors (2009).
The strychnine tree (Strychnos nux-vomica L.), also known as strychnine tree, nux vomica, poison nut, semen strychnos and quaker buttons, is a deciduous tree native to India, and southeast Asia. It is a medium-sized tree in the family Loganiaceae that grows in open habitats. Its leaves are ovate and 2–3.5 inches (5.1–8.9 cm) in size. It is a major source of the highly poisonous, intensely bitter alkaloids strychnine and brucine, derived from the seeds inside the tree's round, green to orange fruit. The seeds contain approximately 1.5% strychnine, and the dried blossoms contain 1.0%. However, the tree's bark also contains brucine and other poisonous compounds. Strychnos is promoted within alternative medicine as a treatment for many conditions, but the claims are not supported by medical evidence. The use of strychnine is highly regulated in many countries, and is mostly used in baits to kill feral mammals, including wild dogs, foxes, and rodents. Most accidental poisoning is by breathing in the powder or by absorption through the skin.
CIBI Information, Inc. or CIBI, formerly known as Credit Information Bureau, Inc., is the first credit bureau in the Philippines. CIBI started as a government entity under the Central Bank of the Philippines Department of Loans and Credit to initiate a credit information exchange system in the country. Founded in 1982, CIBI was established through the power of Presidential Decree 1941 created under Central Bank of the Philippines, now Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP); the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Financial Executives Institute of the Philippines (FINEX) In 1997, Credit Information Bureau, Inc. was incorporated and transformed into a private entity and became CIBI Information, Inc. CIBI is a provider of information to businesses and individuals. The company also supplies compliance reports before accrediting agencies, industry partners and even hiring professionals. In March 2016, CIBI Information, Inc. was one of the first six credit bureaus and the only local firm accredited by the Credit Information Corporation (CIC) as a Special Accessing Entity.
RiverStar Software is a software company that develops customer experience management software for Enterprise Contact Centers and Contact Center BPOs. Its core product includes a Customer Experience Suite encompassing an agent desktop, web self-service, BPM tools, and social media monitoring and engagement tools.
Garsevareh (Persian: گرسواره‎‎, also Romanized as Garsevāreh) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 8 families.
Rishiri (利尻町 Rishiri-chō) is a town located on Rishiri Island in Rishiri District, Sōya Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan. As of 2008, the town has an estimated population of 2,684 and a density of 35 persons per km2. The total area is 76.49 km2. Rishiri Airport is located in nearby Rishirifuji.
Konin [ˈkɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 90.
Sunset Grill is a 1993 American neo-noir mystery film starring Peter Weller as a private detective in Los Angeles. The movie co-stars Lori Singer and Stacy Keach, and was directed by Kevin Connor.
Christian Alberto López Bobadilla (30 March 1984 – 6 November 2013) was a Guatemalan weightlifter. He competed in the -105kg event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the +105 kg at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games, López won a gold medal in the +105 kg snatch and a bronze in the +105 kg combined. López died on 6 November 2013 from pneumonia.
Houston (/ˈhjuːstən/ HYOO-stən) is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth-most populous city in the United States, located in Southeast Texas near the Gulf of Mexico. With a census-estimated 2014 population of 2.239 million within a land area of 599.6 square miles (1,553 km2), it also is the largest city in the Southern United States, as well as the seat of Harris County. It is the principal city of Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land, which is the fifth-most populated metropolitan area in the United States. Houston was founded on August 28, 1836 near the banks of Buffalo Bayou (now known as Allen's Landing) and incorporated as a city on June 5, 1837. The city was named after former General Sam Houston, who was president of the Republic of Texas and had commanded and won at the Battle of San Jacinto 25 miles (40 km) east of where the city was established. The burgeoning port and railroad industry, combined with oil discovery in 1901, has induced continual surges in the city's population. In the mid-20th century, Houston became the home of the Texas Medical Center—the world's largest concentration of healthcare and research institutions—and NASA's Johnson Space Center, where the Mission Control Center is located. Houston's economy has a broad industrial base in energy, manufacturing, aeronautics, and transportation. It is also leading in health care sectors and building oilfield equipment; only New York City is home to more Fortune 500 headquarters within its city limits. The Port of Houston ranks first in the United States in international waterborne tonnage handled and second in total cargo tonnage handled. Nicknamed the \"Space City\", Houston is a global city, with strengths in business, international trade, entertainment, culture, media, fashion, science, sports, technology, education, medicine, and research. The city has a population from various ethnic and religious backgrounds and a large and growing international community. Houston is the most diverse city in Texas and has been described as the most diverse in the United States. It is home to many cultural institutions and exhibits, which attract more than 7 million visitors a year to the Museum District. Houston has an active visual and performing arts scene in the Theater District and offers year-round resident companies in all major performing arts.
Humble (/ˈʌmbəl/ UM-bəl) is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States, within the Houston metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 15,133. The city shares a zip code with the small Houston neighborhood of Bordersville, although people who live in Bordersville still have Humble addresses.
Krzymosze [kʂɨˈmɔʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Mordy, 14 km (9 mi) east of Siedlce, and 101 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.
Pluchea indica is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae. Its common names include Indian camphorweed, Indian fleabane, and Indian pluchea. It is native to parts of Asia and Australia, and it is widespread in the Pacific Islands as an introduced and often invasive species. This species is a branching shrub up to 2 meters tall. The toothed oval leaf blades are papery but not thin, and often have a fine coating of hairs. The flower heads grow in dense clusters in the leaf axils and at the branch tips. The pinkish purple florets have long, protruding styles. Florets along the edges of the head produce fruits. The fruit body is a millimeter in length with a white pappus about 5 millimeters long. The seeds are dispersed on the wind. The plant often grows in wet saline coastal habitat, such as brackish marshes and mangroves. Though it is not very competitive with other flora, it can easily colonize coastal habitat and impact native and cultivated plants. It alters waterbird habitat. The species hybridizes with Pluchea carolinensis when the two plants grow together, yielding a hybrid that has been named Pluchea × fosbergii. The plant contains the compounds β-sitosterol and stigmasterol, which have antidiabetic properties. The β-sitosterol isolated from the root extract can also neutralize the venom of Russell's viper (Daboia russelii) and the monocled cobra (Naja kaouthia).
Here It Comes EP is a release by Luke Vibert under the alias Plug. The EP marks his first release under the alias since 1997. The tracks are unearthed tracks written during the time of the initial Plug releases.
Maliniec [maˈliɲet͡s] (German: Höckenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Radowo Małe, 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Łobez, and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of the German Province of Pomerania. Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 150.
Makoti is a city in Ward County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 154 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Minot Micropolitan Statistical Area. Makoti was founded in 1911.
Opening Night is a big band jazz recording of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra playing at the Village Vanguard club in New York City in February 1966. This was the first performance of the group at this club although the recording was not released until 2000. A 50-year tradition for Monday nights at the Village Vanguard began from this first evening for the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra which later became the Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra and eventually the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra.
Otophora is a genus of plants in family Sapindaceae. Many works consider it to be part of the genus Lepisanthes. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): \n*  Otophora unilocularis, (Leenh.) Lo
Old Albany Post Road is a 6.6-mile (10.6 km) dirt road in Philipstown, New York, one of the oldest unpaved roads still in use in the United States. It runs mostly north-south through the southeastern corner of the town, near the Putnam Valley town line. Starting from an intersection with Sprout Brook Road at Continental Village just north of the Putnam-Westchester county line, it ends at an oblique junction with US 9 east of Garrison. As the least improved section of the original Albany Post Road, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982. Its history as a formal road dates to the mid-17th century, when it was built on established Native American trails. Later it would see military use, particularly by the Continental Army during the Revolution, and commercial use as part of a stagecoach route. Some of the milestones placed during the early years of American independence to more accurately calculate postal rates are still present and have been preserved and restored. It is still in public use and maintained by the town. The town has recently angered some of the residents by proposing to pave the road.
Liceo Técnico Profesional Alberto Hurtado (English: Alberto Hurtado Technical-Professional High School) is a Chilean high school located in Mostazal, Cachapoal Province, Chile. Its principal is Luis Orellana Miquel, and it had 416 students as of 2012.
Key to Harmony is a 1935 British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring  Belle Chrystall, Fred Conyngham and Reginald Purdell. The film is a quota quickie made at Elstree Studios for release by Paramount Pictures. It was based on the novel Suburban Retreat by John B. Wilson. The film's art direction was by Hylton R. Oxley.
FanSnap was an online search engine for live event tickets, based in Palo Alto, California. Founded in 2007, FanSnap aggregated event-level ticket data from event ticket providers. FanSnap's search engine combined results from ticket issuers and various providers in the ticket resale industry including ticket resale marketplaces such as RazorGator, StubHub, TicketNetwork and eBay, as well as ticket brokers including Ace Ticket, AllShows.com, Barry's Tickets, Gold Coast Tickets and Las Vegas Tickets. FanSnap did not sell tickets directly to its end-users. Instead, it aggregated event-level ticket data from ticket providers, presented that data in response to user searches and directed users to third-party ticket providers for purchase. FanSnap generated revenue through cost per click and cost per action advertising based upon its referral of users to such third-party ticket providers. FanSnap's founders possessed experience from the live event ticketing and online search industries and have previously worked at StubHub, Apple Inc., MTV and NexTag. FanSnap raised $15.7 million in start-up capital from General Catalyst Partners of Cambridge, Massachusetts, amongst other investors. FanSnap was acquired by NexTag in December 2011. FanSnap was then acquired from Nextag/Wize Commerce by rival ticket search engine SeatGeek in November 2013 for an undisclosed sum. As part of the acquisition, the main FanSnap ticket search engine was discontinued and rolled into SeatGeek's existing ticket search offerings.
Marietta High School (MHS) is a public high school in the Marietta City Schools system in Marietta, Georgia, United States. The school colors are navy blue, silver, and white, and its mascot is the Blue Devil. Marietta High School's main rivals are Harrison High School and McEachern High School.
Sukhvor-e Rashid-e Sofla (Persian: سوخور رشيد سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Rashīd-e Soflá, Sūkhvor Rashīd-e Soflá, and Sūkhūr-e Rashīd-e Soflá) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 42 families.
Cyanea lobata is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Waihee Valley cyanea. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from Lanai and Maui. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other Cyanea it is known as haha in Hawaiian. This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub which may exceed 2 meters in height. The stem may have branches. The inflorescence bears greenish or purplish flowers. There are two subspecies of this plant, both very rare. One individual of ssp. lobata was found in Maui in 1982 after several decades of no observations. This plant was later killed in a landslide. In 1996 three more individuals were found. The ssp. baldwinii had not been seen since 1934 when two plants were discovered on Lanai in 2006. These are being carefully watched. The five plants remaining of this species are threatened by the destruction and degradation of their wet and moist forest habitat. The Lanai subspecies is found in an understory where the ground is 80% covered by ferns.
Kashchey Bessmertnyi (Russian: Кащей Бессмертный) is a 1994 album by Russian punk group Sektor Gaza consisting mostly of parodies of other performers' songs. Dubbed \"punk opera\"; it is one of their most well-known records. The album is an interpretation of traditional Russian fairy-tale about Ivan Tsarevich rescuing The Frog Princess from Kashchey the Immortal.
Punkitsch is the second EP by SuG, released September 3, 2008. It includes 5 tracks and a DVD, which included the music video for \"butterfly BoY\", and making of footage for \"butterfly BoY\".
Kendal (Persian: كندل‎‎) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 26 families.
The Wrecker (German: Der Würger) is a 1929 British-German silent crime film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Carlyle Blackwell, Joseph Striker and Benita Hume. The film was based on the play of the same title by Arnold Ridley. It was produced by Michael Balcon for Gainsborough Pictures in a co-production with the German firm Felsom Film.
The Late Bloomer is an American comedy-drama film directed by Kevin Pollak and written by Gary Rosen, Joe Nussbaum, Paul A. Kaplan & Mark Torgove, and Kyle Cooper & Austyn Jeffs. It is based on journalist Ken Baker's autobiographical Man Made: A Memoir of My Body. It stars Johnny Simmons, Maria Bello, Brittany Snow, Jane Lynch, J. K. Simmons, Kumail Nanjiani, Beck Bennett and Paul Wesley. The film had its world premiere at the San Diego Film Festival on September 30, 2016. The film is scheduled to be released in a limited release and through video on demand on October 7, 2016, by Momentum Pictures.
The Lynn Bank Block is a historic bank building at 21–29 Exchange Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The three story building was built for the First National Bank of Lynn and the Lynn Institution for Savings in 1891. It was the first Colonial Revival construction in Lynn's rebuilding effort after a disastrous fire destroyed much of its central business district in 1889. Most of the earlier buildings erected after the fire were in Romanesque Revival styling. The building features a large central entry section with an arch framing a recessed doorway and a Palladian window above, which is flanked by columns. On either side of the entry the building extends for three window bays. The two banking institutions shared the building, one occupying each side. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building currently serves as the headquarters of LynnArts, a local arts organization. It was also home to the studios of noted independent alternative rock station, WFNX for the station's entire existence from 1983 to 2012. Both LynnArts and WFNX used the address of the building as 25 Exchange Street.
Sini Kristiina Kukkonen (born 24 May 1986) is a Finnish female weightlifter, competing in the 53 kg category and representing Finland at international competitions. She competed at world championships, including at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships.
Gobles is a city in Van Buren County of the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 829. It was originally called Gobleville, after its founders, the Goble family.
Kath & Kimderella is a 2012 Australian film. It is a spin-off of the hit television series, Kath & Kim created by Gina Riley and Jane Turner, and is written by and starring Riley, Turner, and Magda Szubanski. The film was released in Australia in September 2012, and arrived on Blu-ray and DVD on 23 May 2013. It premiered on Australian television just five days after, on the Seven Network.
The Arizona Raiders is a 1936 American western starring Buster Crabbe and Marsha Hunt, directed by James P. Hogan, based on a Zane Grey novel and released by Paramount Pictures. The film is also known as Bad Men of Arizona (American reissue title).
Beware of Pity is a 1946 British romantic drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Lilli Palmer, Albert Lieven and Cedric Hardwicke. It is based on the novel of the same name by Stefan Zweig. A paraplegic young baroness mistakes compassion for love. The film's costumes were designed by Cecil Beaton. It was made by Two Cities Films at Islington Studios. The film was not a great popular success outside of the Soviet Union.
Pawlikowice [pavlikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 500.
A Little Ain't Enough is the third full-length studio album by David Lee Roth, released in January 1991 through Warner Music Group. It was certified gold on April 11, 1991. Produced by Bob Rock, the album featured the lead guitar work of Jason Becker, a then up-and-coming guitarist who was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, aka Lou Gehrig's Disease) a week after joining the band. He managed to finish recording the album, but was unable to tour in support of the album, as his condition left him with little strength in his hands. The profile of the album was initially increased by the controversy surrounding the promotional music video released for the album's first single, \"A Lil' Ain't Enough\"; featuring barely dressed women and oddly dressed little people, the video was banned from MTV shortly after its initial airing. A second single and video was released for the song \"Sensible Shoes\" but airplay on MTV was limited secondary to the provocative nature of the video. The album is seen as the beginning of Roth's commercial decline, as there was a drop-off in sales from his prior two albums. Timing is seen as a factor in the album not selling as successfully as his prior works. Within a year of the album's release, the Seattle grunge movement had created a sea-change in rock, and Roth's brand of hard rock was considered, by mainstream audiences, as obsolete. Still, A Little Ain't Enough is something of a fan favorite and many view it as his most under appreciated album. Although the album went out of print on the Warner Bros. label in 1996, it was later reissued (in remastered form) in 2007 through the Friday Music label.
Black Sabbath: The Dio Years is a 2007 compilation CD of material from recordings made during vocalist Ronnie James Dio's tenure in the band. The CD contains full album length, remastered tracks culled from all three studio albums: Heaven and Hell (1980), Mob Rules (1981), Dehumanizer (1992), and the live album Live Evil (1982). It also contains three new recorded songs: \"The Devil Cried\", \"Shadow of the Wind\", and \"Ear in the Wall\". It was reported that the collection was first conceived of as a box set, in the vein of Black Box: The Complete Original Black Sabbath (1970–1978), containing all of the group's albums released from their post–Ozzy Osbourne period, starting from Heaven and Hell to The Eternal Idol. This idea was eventually scrapped, and another box set was planned only to feature the four albums recorded from the Dio era of the band. This second idea was put aside, eventually emerging into The Rules of Hell box set released in the summer of 2008. In an interview conducted by Martin Popoff, Tony Iommi revealed that in fact three tracks were recorded: \"Shadow of the Wind\" (a slow tune), \"The Devil Cried\" (a mid-tempo rocker) and \"Ear in the Wall\" (a fast song), therefore changing the original plan for two new songs to accommodate all three tracks in the compilation. \"The Devil Cried\" was released as a single on 13 March 2007. On 23 February 2007, both Eddie Trunk and Sirius Satellite Radio unveiled the song \"The Devil Cried\" from the upcoming album. Rhino Records subsequently made the track available (for preview only) on 26 February 2007. On the week of 13 March 2007, it became available for download at all digital outlets. After the recording was completed the members decided to tour under the moniker Heaven & Hell. Dio and Iommi decided that the working partnership they had achieved in recording the 3 new songs would not be wasted, so they recorded The Devil You Know.
Gold Mine in the Sky is a 1938 Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Carol Hughes. Based on a story by Betty Burbridge, the film is about a singing cowboy and ranch foreman who, as executor of the owner's will, must see that the daughter and heiress does not marry without his approval.
Southchurch High School is a secondary school in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England. It opened on 1 September 2016 replacing the former Futures Community College. Futures was formerly called Thorpe Bay High School. The school was renamed in 2007 when it became a Fresh Start School. Southchurch High School is situated in a £19-million building sponsored by Partnership Learning Academy Trust. As of November 2013 the head teacher was Stuart Reynolds who replaced Stephen Capper who had been appointed for one year to prevent the school being placed in special measures by Ofsted following poor examination results in 2012. This school has an EAL class (English Additional Language), which helps students who are learning to speak English.
The Columbia Years 1943–1952: The V-Discs is a 1994 compilation album by the American singer Frank Sinatra. It was released as a \"long box\" box set in 1994 and re-released in a jewel box size in 1998. The two-CD set contains recordings from V-Discs that were sent to troops during World War II. The V-Discs were the only recordings that the musician's union allowed Sinatra to record during the session musicians strike between 1942 and 1944 and he took full advantage, knowing that although the records would not be sold, it would keep him in the public ear, and allow him to perfect his technique. Although a heavy set, it does not contain every V-disc Sinatra recorded. A more complete set would not become available until 2003 with the release of The Real Complete Columbia Years V-Discs.
Toowoomba South State School was a primary school located in South Toowoomba in Queensland, Australia. Toowoomaba South is one of the oldest primary schools in Queensland. It is the oldest State School in Toowoomba proper (Drayton State School is older). It was first opened in 1865, as school number 112. Initially the school was co-educational. It was closed in 2013.
Ballad of the Little Soldier (German: Ballade vom kleinen Soldaten) is a 1984 documentary film directed by Werner Herzog about children soldiers in Nicaragua. The film focuses on a group of Miskito Indians who used children soldiers in their resistance against the Sandinistas. Herzog made and co-directed the film at the request of his friend Denis Reichle, who himself served as a child-soldier in the Volkssturm at age fourteen in the aftermath of World War II. The film is often cited as Herzog's most explicitly political, though Herzog denies that he had any specific statement on the politics of the Sandinistas. Herzog has said that the film is about child soldiers, and could have been made in any of several countries where child soldiers exist.
Ricky Robertson (born September 19, 1990 in Hernando, Mississippi) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the high jump. Ricky will make his Olympic debut at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Ricky Robertson earned 10 NCAA Division I All-American awards and 14 Southern Conference all conference awards as an Ole Miss Rebel.
Nieszawa-Kolonia [ɲeˈʂava kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Opole Lubelskie and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
Evergreen Marine Corporation (Chinese: 長榮海運) (LSE: EGMD TWSE: 2603), is a Taiwanese container transportation and shipping company. Headquartered in Luzhu District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan, is a global containerized-freight shipping company. Its principal trading routes are: the Far East to North America, Central America and the Caribbean; the Far east to northern Europe and the east Mediterranean; Europe to the east coast of North America; the Far East to Australia, Mauritius, South Africa and South America; and an intra Asia service linking ports in Asia to the Middle East, Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. With over 150 container ships it is part of the Evergreen Group conglomerate of transportation firms and associated companies. Evergreen calls on 240 ports worldwide in about 80 countries, and is the fourth largest company of its type, ranked behind Maersk, Mediterranean Shipping Company, and CMA CGM (in order). The company's activities include: shipping, construction of containers and ships, management of ports, and engineering and real estate development. Subsidiaries and divisions include Uniglory Marine Corp. (Taiwan), Evergreen UK Ltd. (UK), and shipping company Italia Marittima S.p.A. (Italy). In 2007, Hatsu, Italia Maritima, and Evergreen were merged into the single \"Evergreen Line.\" The majority of Evergreen's shipping containers are painted green with the word \"Evergreen\" placed on the sides in white letters. Uniglory containers are similarly painted and marked, but those containers are bright orange. Evergreen's refrigerated \"reefer\" containers have a reverse color scheme (white containers with green lettering).
Manorama Music, is a music company of India. It owns probably the largest music label of Kerala. The label has produced and distributed film soundtracks, poems, cartoon series, music albums etc. The company is owned by M.M. Publications Ltd, which also owns the Malayala Manorama.
The lemonyellow rosemallow (Hibiscus calyphyllus, syn. Hibiscus calycinus, Hibiscus chrysantha, Hibiscus chrysanthus, Hibiscus rockii) is a shrub from tropical Africa belonging to the Hibiscus genus. In 1883 this Hibiscus was offered for sale in England under the name Hibiscus chrysanthus with Port Natal, Cape Colony (now South Africa), identified as the source. By 1891 the same Hibiscus was identified as Hibiscus chrysantha in the United States, a practice which may have continued into the 1930s and contributed to incorrect species identification. In 1892 the name Hibiscus calycinus was designated as the correct name for the species; but, by 1894 the currently accepted name Hibiscus calyphyllus is found in association with Hibiscus calycinus. At the beginning of the 20th century, this Hibiscus was sold as seeds in the United States under the name Hibiscus Giant Yellow. Because of the similarity of the flowers, it is quite common to find Abelmoschus manihot confused with Hibiscus calyphyllus in the early 20th century gardening literature of the United States, particularly in the area of cold tolerance. If the species identification is correct, the 1903 report in The Flower Garden states that: \"Giant Yellow is a beautiful canary yellow with crimson throat, hardy as far north as St. Louis, but safer in the cellar above that latitude\", then Hibiscus calyphyllus may have some degree of cold tolerance. St. Louis, Missouri is in USDA Zone 6a but there are currently no reports of Hibiscus calyphyllus overwintering in USDA Zone 6a; it is known to overwinter successfully in USDA Zone 8a. Hibiscus calyphyllus grows to 1-1.8 meters (3–6 feet) tall. It has flowers which grow to 8–10 cm (3–4 in) wide, with a yellow color and a brownish center. Unlike many African Hibiscus, which are fall to late-fall bloomers, Hibiscus calyphyllus is a summer bloomer which means it can be grown in many locations in North American and Europe and produce viable seeds, which are easy to collect and germinate. If the seeds are started indoors early in February or March, Hibiscus calyphyllus will bloom the first year. Hibiscus calyphyllus is a day-bloomer with the flowers opening several hours after sunrise and closing several hours before sunset. No hybrids of Hibiscus calyphyllus have been reported but it is interesting to note that Hibiscus syriacus and Hibiscus calyphyllus have identical diploid chromosome counts of 80. The plant is used in the construction of huts by the Maasai people of Kenya.
Kohneh Deh (Persian: كهنه ده‎‎) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 23 families.
Herriott House, also known as the Brown-Richey House, is a historic home located in Franklin, Johnson County, Indiana. The house was built between 1860 and 1865, and is a two-story, rectangular, Italianate style brick dwelling with a hipped roof. It features an elaborate wooden front porch added between 1876 and 1884 (rebuilt 1981) and overhanging eaves with decorative brackets. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
John Shorter Pty Ltd, commonly known as Shorters, was an Australian manufacturers’ importing agency company, best known as the Australasian agent for the British ceramics firms Royal Doulton and Mintons. John Shorter Pty Ltd remained the Doulton agents in Australia until 1979, when Royal Doulton Australia was established. The family and business were, through two generations, major donors to the Museum of Applied Arts and Sciences in Sydney.
Torres is a city on the coast of south Brazil in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. The city has a population of approximately 40,000 inhabitants, of which 10,000 live in rural zones, but in summer the number of inhabitants reaches 300,000.
Rhodiola rosea (commonly golden root, rose root, roseroot, western roseroot, Aaron's rod, Arctic root, king's crown, lignum rhodium, orpin rose) is a perennial flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae. It grows in cold regions of the world, including much of the Arctic, the mountains of Central Asia, scattered in eastern North America from Baffin Island to the mountains of North Carolina, and mountainous parts of Europe, such as the Alps, Pyrenees, and Carpathian Mountains, Scandinavia, Iceland, Great Britain and Ireland. It grows on sea cliffs and on mountains at altitudes up to 2280 meters. Several shoots grow from the same thick root. Shoots may reach 5 to 35 cm in height. R. rosea is dioecious – having separate female and male plants.
Edgar Allen (May 2, 1892 – February 3, 1943) was an American anatomist and physiologist. He is known for the discovery of estrogen and his role in creating the field of endocrinology. Born on Cañon (Canyon) City, Colorado, Allen was educated at Brown University. After serving in World War I he took a position at Washington University in St. Louis until, in 1923, he was appointed to the chair of anatomy at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. Ten years later he was appointed to the chair at Yale University. At Missouri, he began his studies of sex hormones. While it was commonly believed at the time that the female reproductive cycle was controlled by substance in the corpus luteum, Allen sought the answer in the follicles surrounding the ovum, leading to his discovery of estrogen, though it was identified six years later by Adolf Butenandt in 1929. Allen died of a heart attack in 1943 while on duty with the United States Coast Guard.
Only the Valiant, also known as Fort Invincible, is a 1951 western film produced by William Cagney (younger brother of James Cagney), directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Gregory Peck and Barbara Payton. The screenplay was written by Edmund H. North and Harry Brown, based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Charles Marquis Warren.
Brighton Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Brighton, Franklin County, New York. It was built in 1914 and is a modest, one story American Craftsman style building measuring 35 feet wide and 58 feet deep. It rests on a fieldstone foundation with exposed cobblestone piers at the front. It features three telescoping, graduated gables with exposed rafters and decorative braces. The interior contains a large, 30 feet by 34 feet meeting hall. It was designed by noted architect Benjamin A. Muncil. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
Maihuenia is a genus of cactus (family Cactaceae) and the sole genus of the subfamily Maihuenioideae, which is the smallest subfamily of the Cactaceae. The genus comprises two cushion-forming, mucilaginous species. They are found at high elevation habitats of Andean Argentina and Chile. Its name is the Latinized version of maihuén, a local Chilean name for these cacti.
Mentha arvensis (field mint (पुदीना/ Pudina,\"Podina\" in Hindi), (Urdu: پودینہ) wild mint, or corn mint) is a species of mint with a circumboreal distribution. It is native to the temperate regions of Europe and western and central Asia, east to the Himalaya and eastern Siberia, and North America.
What is now called Goulbourn Middle School started on September 3, 1986. Prior to this date, the school was known as Goulbourn Township Public School. The former school served Kindergarten to grade-eight students from the immediate area and the grade-six students from Munster and Richmond Public Schools. The former school was also designated the Late French Immersion (L.F.I.) Centre for all grade seven and eight students, including those interested in the Program from A. Lorne Cassidy Elementary School. Effective September, 1996, as a Middle School, G.M.S. became the public school setting for all grade six, seven, and eight students in Goulbourn Township. The feeder schools are: Westwind Public School, Munster Public School, Richmond Public School, John Young Elementary School and Stittsvile Public School and G.M.S. is also one of the feeder schools for South Carleton High School.
Diahouin is a village in western Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Duékoué, Duékoué Department, Guémon Region, Montagnes District. Diahouin was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished.
Five Roads to Freedom: From Apartheid to the World Cup is a 2010 documentary co-directed by Robin Benger and Jane Thandi Lipman that looks at South Africa's revolutionary transformation through the eyes of five men and women who lived under the shadow of apartheid. The documentary focuses on five individuals from across the social and political spectrum: ordinary people whose experiences are representative of the profound changes of the past 15 years and whose lives in 2010 reflect both the promise and the ambiguities of today's South Africa. Five Roads to Freedom is a deeply personal project for filmmaker Robin Benger. As a South African student leader in the late 1960s and early 1970s, he was arrested three times for anti-apartheid activities, and ultimately expelled from the country. The film is produced by Ian Ayres, Robin Benger, Eric Ellena, Jane Thandi Lipman, Joseph Oesi and Christopher Sumpton.
Raktabhishekam (English: Anointing with Blood) is a 1988 Telugu action film produced by on Rajeev Productions banner, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. Starring Nandamuri Balakrishna, Radha in the lead roles and music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
Tenacity on the Tasman is a 2009 documentary film about adventurer Olly Hicks’s attempt to circumnavigate the world in a rowboat. The film premiered at the ODEON Leicester Square on November 19, 2009, becoming the first independently distributed documentary to premiere at the theater. The film was produced and directed by independent filmmaker George Olver through his production company Pendragon Productions, and distributed globally as part of the Adventure Film Festival.
Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎‎, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,835, in 350 families.
A River Changes Course is a 2013 documentary by Kalyanee Mam. The film explores the damage rapid development has wrought in her native Cambodia on both a human and environmental level. The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2013 and won the Grand Jury Prize for World Documentary. The film also received the Golden Gate Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 2013 San Francisco International Film Festival.
The Galloway School is a private, co-educational day school founded by Elliott Galloway in 1969 designed to offer an academic program for children ages 3 through grade 12. The school has been accredited by is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools (NAIS), the Southern Association of Independent Schools (SAIS), the Georgia Independent School Association (GISA), the Atlanta Area Association of Independent Schools (AAAIS) and the National Association for College Admission Counseling (NACAC). The student/teacher ratio is 8:1, and the average class size is 15.
The Empress Theatre (also known as Cinema V), is an abandoned Egyptian-style theatre located on Sherbrooke Street West in N.D.G. district of Montreal, Canada. It has been closed since 1992.
Qaleh Now-ye Safiabad (Persian: قلعه نوصفي اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-ye Şafīābād; also known as Bīābān Shīr and Qal‘eh Now-e Şūfīābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,340, in 311 families.
Płaza [ˈpwaza] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów, within Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków. The village has a population of 3,900.
Erautar is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,497 persons living in 624 individual households.
Emotive (stylized as eMOTIVe) is the third album by American rock supergroup A Perfect Circle. The album is primarily a collection of anti-war cover songs. It was released on November 1, 2004 via Virgin Records to coincide with the US presidential election.
Banyaran-e Aziz Morad (Persian: بان ياران عزيزمراد‎‎, also Romanized as Bānyārān-e ʿAzīz Morād) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 20 families.
John Reid (November 27, 1918 – May 17, 1954) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, together with John Price.
Konstantowo [kɔnstanˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pruszcz, 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Świecie, 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz, and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of Toruń.
Zoheyri-ye Sofla (Persian: ظهيري سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Z̧oheyrī-ye Soflá; also known as Z̧oheyrī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 211, in 50 families.
Karolewo [karɔˈlɛvɔ] (German: Karlsruh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Międzyrzecz, 45 km (28 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and 56 km (35 mi) north of Zielona Góra. The village has a population of 16.
Worthy.com is an online marketplace for pre-owned luxury goods including diamonds, brand-named watches, and diamond jewelry. Worthy, is headquartered in New York City and was founded by investment banker Ben De-Kalo in 2014.
Glenwood is a city and the county seat of Pope County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,564 at the 2010 census. It is located on the northeastern shore of Lake Minnewaska.
Parjuar Dih is a village located in Benipatti block in the Madhubani district of Bihar, India. It consists of six tolas: Ramnagar, Parjuar Dih, Parjuar West, Balha, Dahila, Jetyahi and is located 19.8 km from its District Town of Madhubani. Nearby villages are Nav Karhi (3 km), Paraul (3.1 km), Dhanga (3.6 km), Mureth (5 km), and Phent (5.5 km). Its nearest towns are Kaluahi (5.6 km), Benipatti (9.7 km), Basopatti (10.4 km), and Loha (5.8 km).In this village one pond and one public school are available.In this village the many festivals are celebrated by youth of this village like as MAA sarde puja ,Kali puja and nawah ,shiv ratri and bhajan kirtan. .
Kahn-e Do Daran (Persian: كهن دودران‎‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e Do Darān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Persistent Systems is a technology services company which was incorporated on 16 May 1990 as Persistent Systems Private Limited. It was subsequently converted into a public Limited company on 17 September 2010 with the name Persistent Systems Limited and a new certificate of incorporation was issued on 28 September 2007 from the RoC. Shares in the company were listed on the National Stock Exchange of India in March 2010. The operations of Nagpur-based Infospectrum India Private, an outsourced private development of US company Infospectrum, were taken over by Persistent in February 2011.
Hasan Jafar Zehi (Persian: حسن جعفر زهي‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Jaʿfar Zehī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 222, in 38 families.
Talbots is an American specialty retailer and direct marketer of women's clothing, shoes and fashion accessories. At the end of fiscal 2013, the company operated 495 Talbots stores in the U.S. and Canada: 425 core Talbots (412 U.S.; 13 Canada), 65 Talbots Factory Outlets (U.S.) and five Talbots Clearance stores (4 U.S.; 1 Canada). The company's retail operation comprises approximately 80% of its overall business, with the other 20% conducted via catalog and internet.
Hannah Fry is a complex systems theorist, lecturer in the Mathematics of Cities and public speaker. Fry studies the patterns in human behaviour particularly in an urban setting for example shopping, transport, urban crime, riots and terrorism. In 2011 Fry obtained her doctorate in fluid dynamics at the Mathematics department at University College London; her thesis was called 'A Study of Droplet Deformation'.Fry regularly appears on radio and television programs in the UK like Computing Britain, The Curious Cases of Rutherford & Fry (with Adam Rutherford) and Music By Numbers. In the BBC 2 series City in the Sky Fry studies the logistics of aviation. In 2014 Fry gave a TED talk called 'The Mathematics of Love' at TEDxBinghamtonUniversity which attracted nearly 4 million views. Following the TED talk she published a book on the topic called The Mathematics of Love: Patterns, Proofs, and the Search for the Ultimate Equation in which Fry applies statistical and data-scientific models to dating, sex and marriage. On 17 September 2015 Fry presented a film biography of Ada Lovelace for BBC television. In 2016, Fry co-presented Trainspotting Live with Peter Snow, a three part television series about trains and trainspotting on BBC Four. on BBC 4. On 20 July 2016, she hosted a programme called The Joy of Data that examined the history of Data and how it affects us today.
Skyscraper is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Howard Higgin. At the 2nd Academy Awards in 1930, Elliott J. Clawson was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay). Prints of the film exist.
My People Were Fair and Had Sky in Their Hair... But Now They're Content to Wear Stars on Their Brows is the debut album by psychedelic folk band Tyrannosaurus Rex (later known as T. Rex). It was released on 5 July 1968 by record label Regal Zonophone.
Edgewater is a city in Volusia County, Florida, United States, situated along the Indian River, adjacent to the Mosquito Lagoon. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a population of 20,750. It is a part of the Deltona–Daytona Beach–Ormond Beach, FL metropolitan statistical area, which was home to 590,289 people in 2010. A settlement in the area was established by John Milton Hawks. It was named Hawks Park until 1924 when the Florida Legislature renamed it.
Urospermum, Prickly goldenfleece, is a small genus of flowering plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family. Species 1.  \n*  Urospermum dalechampii (L.) Scop. ex F.W.Schmidt - Mediterranean from Spain + Morocco to the Aegean; naturalized in Australia 2.  \n*  Urospermum picroides (L.) Scop. ex F.W.Schmidt - Mediterranean + southwestern Asia from Portugal + Canary Islands to Pakistan; naturalized in Australia, North America, South America
The Gables Mystery is a 1938 British crime film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Francis L. Sullivan, Antoinette Cellier and Leslie Perrins. It is an adaptation of the play The Man at Six by Jack Celestin and Jack DeLeon.
Gang Tapes is a 2001 crime film directed by Adam Ripp and starring Darris Love, Darontay McClendon and Don Cambell. It has not been considered a mainstream success but did create a cult following.
Au moment d'être à vous is francophone Canadian pop singer Isabelle Boulay's second live album, released in September 2002. It achieved a great success in Belgium (Wallonia), France and Switzerland, where it reached the top ten. It also stayed for 57 weeks on the French Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by the SNEP. This album is composed of Boulay's songs from her previous studio albums, plus cover versions of songs by various French artists. It is a live album recorded March 30–31, 2002 at the Palais des Congrès, Paris and April 4–5, 2002 at the Salle Wilfrid-Pelletier, Place des Arts, Montreal, where she was accompanied by the Montreal Symphony Orchestra. There are two substantially different releases of this album; one, the French version, has 17 tracks, and was released in 2002; the second, Canadian, version has 13 tracks, and was released in 2003.
Safra (Persian: صفرا‎‎, also Romanized as Şafrā; also known as Şafrá-ye Ka‘bī and Şafrā-ye Ka‘bī) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 20 families.
Kharfakol (Persian: خرفكل‎‎; also known as Khal’fakyul’, Kharfeh Kal, and Kharfeh Kol) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 640, in 155 families.
Mahmudabad-e Azali (Persian: محمود آباد ازلي‎‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Āzalī; also known as Maḩmūdābād, Moḩammadābād, Muhammadābād, and Muhaniprābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 51 families.
Esmailiyeh-ye Do (Persian: اسماعيليه دو‎‎, also Romanized as Esmā‘īlīyeh-ye Do; also known as Esmā ‘Eynī, Esmā‘īlīyeh, and Ismaun) is a village in Muran Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 615, in 130 families.
Grandi Stazioni S.p.A. (English: Large Stations) is a member company of Italy's Ferrovie dello Stato (English:State Railways) group. It was created to rehabilitate and manage, even commercially, the 13 biggest Italian railway stations.
Two Arabian Knights (1927) is an American comedy film, directed by Lewis Milestone and starring William Boyd, Mary Astor and Louis Wolheim. A silent film, Two Arabian Knights was produced by Howard Hughes and was distributed by United Artists. The screenwriters were James T. O'Donohue, Wallace Smith, and George Marion Jr. The film won an Academy Award for Best Comedy Direction.
Live at Donte's (or The Joe Pass Trio Live at Donte's) is a live album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass, released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). It was originally released as a double-LP and reissued on CD by Pablo in 1995 and again in 2002. After spending over ten years playing in relative obscurity, Pass released the critically acclaimed solo-guitar Virtuoso and also played on two Ella Fitzgerald releases. Then came Live at Donte's where the trio format proved very effective and opened even more avenues for Pass' talents in the year's to come. Somewhat unusual in the jazz trio setting at this time is bassist Jim Hughart playing an electric bass instead of the usual double bass.
The 77s released their self-titled, third album in 1987 on the Exit and Island Records labels. The album contains the band's biggest hit single to date, which was \"The Lust, The Flesh, The Eyes and the Pride of Life.\" Years later, the song would be covered by Roe's other band The Lost Dogs (on the album, MUTT), and the band 311 would even \"borrow\" a few lines from the song for one of their own singles. The album was listed at No. 82 in the 2001 book, CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music.
Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sadowie, 10 km (6 mi) west of Opatów, and 49 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 90.
Bardeh Rash-e Kuchek (Persian: برده رش كوچك‎‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Rash-e Kūchek; also known as Bardeh Rash, Bardeh Rasheh, Bard-e Rash, and Bard Rasheh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 298, in 58 families.
The Mary Baldwin University, Main Building is a historic building on the Mary Baldwin University campus in Staunton, Virginia. It was built in 1844, and is a Greek Revival style educational building. It consists of a two-story, five bay central section, flanked by three-bay two-story wings with full basement and projecting gable ends. The front facade features a four-bay portico with four Greek Doric order columns supporting a Doric entablature and pediment. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973.
The Goddess (Chinese: 神女; pinyin: Shénnǚ) is a 1934 Chinese silent film released by the Lianhua Film Company (United Photoplay). It starred Ruan Lingyu in one of her final roles, and was directed by Wu Yonggang. Today The Goddess is one of the best known films of China's cinematic golden age, and has been named by director Chen Kaige as his favorite film of the 1930s.
Saga Prefectural Chienkan Junior & Senior High School is both a junior and senior high school and is located in Saga City, Saga Prefecture, Japan. It was awarded the title of Super Science High School in Japan.
Sigvard Gustav Emanuel \"Sigge\" Hultcrantz (22 May 1888 – 4 March 1955) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. In 1920 he won the silver medal as member of the Swedish team in the team free pistol competition and in the team small-bore rifle event. He also participated in the individual free pistol competition and in the individual small-bore rifle event but for both contests his exact place is unknown. At the time of the 1920 Olympics Hultcrantz was lieutenant in the Swedish coast artillery. He eventually reached the rank of major, and was the commandant of Älvsborg fortress in 1936–1939.
Robert Royston Amos (\"Robin\") Coombs (9 January 1921 – 25 January 2006), was a British immunologist, co-discoverer of the Coombs test (1945) used for detecting antibodies in various clinical scenarios, such as Rh disease and blood transfusion.
Westphalia is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States. The population was 389 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jefferson City, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area. Westphalia is heavily influenced by the German heritage of the majority of its inhabitants. Many of the early settlers of the area came from the Westphalia region of Germany, hence the name. Many buildings are influenced by nineteenth-century German architecture, and streets are labeled in both English and German. The center of population of Missouri is located in Westphalia.
Cephalanthus occidentalis is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family, Rubiaceae, that is native to eastern and southern North America. Common names include buttonbush, common buttonbush, button-willow and honey-bells.
Eshratabad (Persian: عشرتاباد‎‎, also Romanized as ‘Eshratābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 41 families.
Verticordia fimbrilepis is a flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a small, bushy shrub with one openly branched main stem at its base, small, pointed leaves and rounded groups of pink flowers near the ends of the branches.
Brain Damage Films is a US-based worldwide independent film production company and distribution company. It was founded in 2001 by Darrin Ramage. A division located in the UK was launched in September 2009. The company distributes a variety of horror and shock exploitation movies in many formats, including DVD, Blu-Ray, and cable, satellite, and Internet video on demand.
Kamieńczyk [kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Topólka, 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Radziejów, and 65 km (40 mi) south of Toruń.
Tarhaouhaout is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset, in Tamanrasset District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria. It lies in the Hoggar Mountains 42 kilometres (26 mi) east of the city of Tamanrasset. Fort Motylinsky is located nearby.
Adjágas is the self-titled debut album by Sami yoikers Sara Mariele Gaup and Lawra Somby, joined by various musicians. In this album the group blend the duo's joiking: a traditional vocal form of Sami music with folk elements and instruments.
White Deer Plain (Chinese: 白鹿原; pinyin: Bái Lù Yuán) is a 2011 Chinese drama film directed by Wang Quan'an and based on the novel of the same name by Chen Zhongshi. The film competed in competition for the Golden Bear at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival, where Lutz Reitemeier won the Silver Bear for Outstanding Artistic Achievement for his photography.
Chamaz Koti (Persian: چمازكتي‎‎, also Romanized as Chamāz Kotī and Chamāz Katī; also known as Chamāz Kolā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,552, in 1,423 families.
Faqirabad (Persian: فقيراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Faqīrābād; also known as Faghir Abad) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 387, in 96 families.
Duża Kujawa [ˈduʐa kuˈjava] (German: Kamenzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of Toruń. The village has a population of 130.
Ab Kabak (Persian: اب كبك‎‎, also Romanized as Āb Kabak) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 6 families.
Booneville is a 6th-class city in Owsley County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 81 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Owsley County. It is located at the junction of Kentucky Route 11 and Kentucky Route 30 on the South Fork of the Kentucky River. The town was originally named Moore's Station after its chief landowner. It was renamed Boone's Station and then Booneville in honor of the American frontiersman, Daniel Boone. The town, consisting at the time of little more than a temporary log courthouse, became the county seat when Owsley County was formed on May 20, 1844. From this, the settlement was also sometimes known as Owsley Court House around this time. It was formally incorporated as a city by the state assembly on March 1, 1847. During the Civil War, Booneville was a crossroads for various Union and Confederate regiments, and was threatened by Confederate guerrillas, but avoided the destruction that befell some other county seats of Kentucky during the war.
Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome is a short 38-minute film by Kenneth Anger, filmed in 1954. Anger created two other versions of this film in 1966 and the late 1970s. According to Anger, the film takes the name \"pleasure dome\" from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's atmospheric poem Kubla Khan. Anger was inspired to make the film after attending a Halloween party called \"Come as your Madness.\" The film has gained cult film status. Early prints of the film had sequences that were meant to be projected on three different screens. Anger subsequently re-edited the film to layer the images. The film—primarily the 2nd and 3rd revisions—was often shown in American universities and art galleries during the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. The original edition soundtrack is a complete performance of Glagolitic Mass by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček (1854–1928). In 1966, a re-edited version known as The Sacred Mushroom Edition was made available. In the late 1970s, a third revision was made, which was The Sacred Mushroom Edition re-edited to fit the Electric Light Orchestra album Eldorado, omitting only \"Illusions in G Major,\" a blues-rock tune which Anger felt did not fit the mood of the film. The differences in the visuals of the 1954 original and the two revisions are minor. An early version, just shown once on German television in the early 1980s and hold until today by the NDR (Germany) includes an additional 3 minutes at the beginning, including a reading of the poem \"Kubla Khan\" by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The film reflects Anger's deep interest in Thelema, the philosophy of Aleister Crowley and his followers, as indicated by Cameron's role as \"The Scarlet Woman\" (an honorific Crowley bestowed on certain of his important magical partners). The film uses some footage of the Hell sequence from the 1911 Italian silent film L'Inferno. Near the end, scenes from Anger's earlier film Puce Moment are interpolated into the layered images and faces.
Wet Dreams (Hangul: 몽정기; RR: Mongjeongki) is a 2002 South Korean film. Inspired partly by American gross-out comedies like American Pie, it follows the sexual misadventures of four boys through middle and high school. While American Pie had been a flop in Korea, Wet Dreams was a surprise box office hit and spawned a sequel, Wet Dreams 2.
Maravan is a 1993 Tamil action drama film directed by Manoj Kumar. The film features Prabhu and Kushboo in the lead roles, with Vijayakumar, Sumithra, Napoleon, R. P. Viswam, Chandrasekhar, Thyagu, Vadivelu, Venniradai Moorthy and Dakshayini playing supporting roles. The film, produced by Mohan Natarajan and Tharangai V. Shanmugam, had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 August 1993.
Inside the Head of John Peel is a Man or Astro-man? double 7\" EP released on Astro-Fonic Records in 1997. It was recorded during a Peel Session on March 19, 1995, although the record states March 20, 1995. This is a bootleg release but it is not a bootleg recording of Man or Astro-man?. It came with a jukebox label insert.
Married to a Stranger is a TV movie starring Jaclyn Smith, Robert Clohessy and Kim Coates. It premiered on The Family Channel on September 28, 1997. It was directed by Sidney J. Furie.
Paradise Road is a 1997 American war film that tells the story of a group of English, American, Dutch and Australian women who are imprisoned by the Japanese in Sumatra during World War II. It was directed by Bruce Beresford and stars Glenn Close as Adrienne Pargiter, Frances McDormand as the brash Dr. Verstak, Pauline Collins as missionary Margaret Drummond (based on missionary Margaret Dryburgh), Julianna Margulies as American socialite Topsy Merritt, Jennifer Ehle as British doyenne and model Rosemary Leighton Jones, Cate Blanchett as Australian nurse Susan McCarthy and Elizabeth Spriggs as dowager Imogene Roberts.
Stephen Mowlam OAM (born 22 December 1976 in Victoria) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Australia, who was a member of the team that won the golden medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens by beating title holders The Netherlands in the final. He made his debut earlier that year during the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup in Kuala Lumpur, in the match against South Korea on 10 January. Mowlam is nicknamed Gimpy.
Dearest Christian, I'm So Very Sorry for Bringing You Here. Love, Dad is the fourth studio album by American musical duo P.M. Dawn. It was released on October 6, 1998, by Gee Street and V2 Records. The album's title refers to bandmember Attrell Cordes's newborn son, named Christian.
Calendula officinalis (pot marigold, ruddles, common marigold, garden marigold, English marigold, or Scottish marigold) is a plant in the genus Calendula of the family Asteraceae. It is probably native to southern Europe, though its long history of cultivation makes its precise origin unknown, and it may possibly be of garden origin. It is also widely naturalised further north in Europe (north to southern England) and elsewhere in warm temperate regions of the world.
Helix Software Company was a New York City based software company founded in October 1986. The company developed software tools and utilities for DOS and Windows. In 1993, Helix licensed some of its memory management technology to Microsoft for use in MS-DOS 6.0. Microsoft subsequently released Helix's memory management technology as part of the MEMMAKER and EMM386 DOS commands. The company pioneered several technologies, including virtual memory compression systems, switching between multiple protected mode operating environments, use of off-screen video RAM, and highly recoverable fixed storage systems. On 1 December 1997, Helix Software merged with McAfee, Network General, and PGP Corporation in a pooling of interest transaction, the resulting company was named Network Associates. Helix's products were integrated with the other companies' products as well as with products from the subsequent acquisitions of Cybermedia and Dr Solomon's Antivirus. The combined products were branded McAfee Office and McAfee Security Suite.
Vacu Vin is the tradename of International Innovation Company, previously named Vacu Vin. The company is manufacturer and distributor of several food and wine related products and has offices in eight countries. Its headquarters are located in Delfgauw, Netherlands.
The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Catholic cathedral located in Lake Charles, Louisiana, United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Lake Charles, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Immaculate Conception Parish was established in 1869. The church was designed by the architectural firm of Favrot & Livaudais and it was built in 1913. On January 29, 1980 Pope John Paul II established the Diocese of Lake Charles and Immaculate Conception became the cathedral for the new diocese. The cathedral church enshrines a century old image of the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Immaculate Conception made of Carrara marble. The venerated image was granted a Canonical coronation by the Pope Benedict XVI in 2013.
Combs High School is a high school in San Tan Valley, Arizona. It is the only high school in the J.O. Combs Unified School District, which also includes five elementary schools and one middle school. It opened in 2008, ahead of the initial scheduled plan that called for an August 2009 opening. The J.O. Combs district community had to approve a unification vote in November 2006 for the district to be able to teach high school students.
Refuge is an EP by the German heavy metal band Rage, released in 1994. This EP contains the song \"Refuge\" and covers of the bands The Police, The Troggs and The Mission.
The Grand Soho Makati is a skyscraper for residential uses completed June 2010 in Makati, Philippines. It is estimated to rise 41 floors above ground. The construction of Grand Soho Makati (GSM), the residential condominium of top real estate developer Century Properties in prime Salcedo Village, has reached full completion in June. Positioned as the first fully fitted and fully furnished condominium in the country with three interior design options, GSM is now undergoing going project turnover and has reached a total of 210 accepted units aproject as of July 30. Forty-six percent, or 168 out of a total of 360 residential unit owners, have moved into the building while the remaining 192 are still going through the turnover process. An additional six units are allocated for commercial spaces at the ground floor. The 41-storey residential building comes with high-speed elevators, a Travertine stone-clad lobby, and concierge services.
Washington High School is a public high school in Cedar Rapids, in the U.S. state of Iowa. Built in 1956, it is named in honor of the oldest high school in Cedar Rapids.
Arochukwu, sometimes referred to as Arochuku, or Aro-Okigbo, (pronounced Aruchukwu) is the third largest city in Abia State (after Aba and Umuahia) in southeastern Nigeria and homeland of the Igbo subgroup, Aro people.It is composed of 19 villages with an overall leader called Eze Aro. Arochukwu is a principal historic town in Igboland. It was also one of the cities in the Southern protectorate targeted by the British colonial government. Several historic tourist sites exist in the city. The mystic Ibini Ukpabi shrine, the slave routes and other relics of the slave trade era are frequently visited by tourists. It is also in the food belt of Abia state where most of the staple foods are produced.
Alphabet Energy is a startup company founded in 2009 at the University of California, Berkeley by thermoelectrics expert Matthew L. Scullin and Peidong Yang. The company uses nanotechnology and materials science applications to create thermoelectric generators that are more cost effective than previous bismuth telluride-based devices. The company is based in Hayward, California. It started with a license to use silicon nanowire developed at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. They moved from UC Berkeley to offices in San Francisco in 2011, and later to Hayward. Alphabet has a number of patents related to the capture of waste heat for purposes of electricity generation. The company is working with tetrahedrite, a common mineral with thermoelectric properties. 2011's The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses describes Alphabet Energy's approach to product development as an example of the successful practice of the book's principles. Author Eric Ries is on Alphabet's advisory board. Alphabet has raised over $35 million in venture capital funding from Claremont Creek, TPG Capital, Encana and the California Clean Energy Fund. They were chosen as a 2014 World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer  and as a 2015 IHS CERAWeek Energy Innovation Pioneer. The company’s name, based on the word alpha, comes from its use as a term for a Seebeck coefficient, and has no relation to the Google holding company, Alphabet Inc.
Joseph M. DeSimone (born May 16, 1964) is an American chemist, and the 2008 recipient of the $500,000 Lemelson–MIT Prize. He is the Chancellor's Eminent Professor of Chemistry at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and William R. Kenan, Jr. Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering at North Carolina State University and of Chemistry at UNC. DeSimone is also an adjunct member at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. DeSimone has published over 300 scientific articles and has over 150 issued patents in his name with over 80 patents pending.
Hello, Fraulein! (German:Hallo, Fräulein!) is a 1949 German musical film directed by Rudolf Jugert and starring Margot Hielscher, Hans Söhnker and Peter van Eyck. It was made by the Munich-based company Bavaria Film in what would shortly become West Germany. The film's sets were designed by the art director Max Mellin.
The Third Degree is a 1926 silent romance film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Michael Curtiz, in his first American film, based on the hit 1909 play of the same name written by Charles Klein and starring Helen Ware.
Mahyar (Persian: مهيار‎‎, also Romanized as Mahyār) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,362, in 347 families.
Revival is the seventh solo studio album by American roots rock singer-songwriter/guitarist John Fogerty. released in 2007, it was his first new album in three years. It is also the third album (the first two were compilation and live albums) since rejoining Fantasy Records. The album was released on October 2, 2007. The cover design echoes the silhouette design of Fogerty's first solo album The Blue Ridge Rangers. The first single from the album was \"Don't You Wish It Was True\". The album contains two war protest songs: \"Long Dark Night\" and \"I Can't Take It No More\", both of which speak out against the Bush administration and the Iraq War. The latter song contains a lyric that refers to one of his hits with CCR, by referring to Bush as a \"Fortunate Son\". Also, this song sounds like Ramones-style punk rock. Fogerty has done some experimentation with that sound (\"She's Got Baggage\" from Deja Vu (All Over Again)). Another song, \"Summer of Love\", is a tribute to Cream and Jimi Hendrix, and has a musical citation from \"Sunshine of Your Love\". \"Creedence Song\" refers to CCR's swamp rock. The album debuted at #14 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling about 65,000 copies in its first week. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Album of 2008, but lost to Foo Fighters's Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace. This album was #11 on Rolling Stone's list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007. In the same magazine, the song \"Gunslinger\" was #12 on the list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
The Industrial Building is a high-rise building located at 1410 Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Washington Boulevard Historic District. It occupies the northeast corner on Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard. The building stands 22 storeys tall, with 21 above-ground floors, and one basement level. It was completed in 1928, and is one of the many structures built by architect Louis Kamper on Washington Boulevard in the 1910s and 1920s. Kamper designed the Industrial Building with a mixture of Art Deco, Gothic Revival and Beaux-Arts architectural designs. The upper stories feature several setbacks and piers, and the roof boasts a very intricate design of limestone cornices. Built as an office building, the tower was later converted to residential use and renamed the Park Place Apartments. A fire struck the building in February 2003, temporarily displacing over 100 residents.
Craig S. Henriquez (born ca 1959) is an American biomedical engineer, Professor of Biomedical Engineering and Computer Science at the Duke University, and is the co-founder and co-director of the Center for Neuroengineering. His research interests are in the areas of large scale computer modeling of the cardiac bidomain and neuroengineering.
Maria Sergeyevna Orlova (Russian: Мария Сергеевна Орлова; born 14 April 1988) is a Russian skeleton racer who joined the national squad in 2008. Orlova's best Skeleton World Cup finish was 3rd place in one of the 2012–13 season's stages. She won the silver medal at the European Championships 2013.
Guevaria loxensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Storm Riders is a 1982 film by David Lourie, Jack McCoy and Dick Hoole, featuring some of the world's best surfers and the world's champion windsurfers. The film was produced by \"Hoole/McCoy Films\" in association with \"Rip Curl Wetsuits\", and \"L.K. Communications\". The documentary was filmed in Sumatra, Java, Bali, Africa, Hawaii and Australia. Storm Riders was digitally remastered and re-released in 2007 to celebrate the movie's 25th anniversary.
De Laurentiis Entertainment Group (DEG) was an entertainment production company and distribution unit founded by Italian producer Dino De Laurentiis.The company is notable for producing Manhunter, Blue Velvet, the horror films Near Dark and Evil Dead II, King Kong Lives (the sequel to De Laurentiis' remake of King Kong), and Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, as well as distributing Transformers: The Movie. The company's main studios were located in Wilmington, North Carolina, which is now EUE/Screen Gems Studios. The studio's first releases were in 1986. It went bankrupt two years later after Million Dollar Mystery, among other films, failed at the box office.
The Naval Lodge Elks Building, also known as Naval Lodge No. 353 BPOE Temple was first envisioned on September 28, 1896 when the city leaders of Port Angeles, Washington met with members of the Navy to found Naval Lodge No. 353 of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks. The lodge also received special approval from the national Grand Lodge of Elks to become the only Elks Lodge in the country whose name was not based on its location. The lodge was built in 1927. It is still used today as an Elks Lodge. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
XGI Technology Inc. (Chinese: 圖誠科技; pinyin: Tú Chéng Kējì) is based upon the old graphics division of SiS spun off as a separate company, and the graphics assets of Trident Microsystems.
Firetide is an American, international provider of wireless mesh network technology. Based in the Silicon Valley, Firetide designs and sells hardware and software for wireless networks. Firetide's products have been used in over 2000 installations in 40 countries.
Umbilicus rupestris (Navelwort, Penny-pies, Wall Pennywort) is a fleshy, perennial, edible flowering plant in the stonecrop family Crassulaceae (in the genus Umbilicus) so named for its umbilicate (navel-like) leaves. Wall pennywort grows to an average of 25 cm (9.8 in) high. The pallid spikes of bell-shaped, greenish-pink flowers of this plant first appear in May, and the green fruits ripen through the summer. Both the name \"navelwort\" and the scientific name Umbilicus come from the round shape of the leaves, which have a navel-like depression in the center.
The Seekers is the second studio album by the Australian group The Seekers. The album was released in 1964. In some countries, the album was titled Roving with the Seekers. \"Waltzing Matilda\" was released in November 1963 and peaked at number 74 on the Australian music report.
Antwerp is a village in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 686 at the 2010 census. The Village of Antwerp is in center of the Town of Antwerp and is northwest of Watertown.
Rules is the second and final album by indie pop band The Whitest Boy Alive. It was recorded in Punta Burros Nayarit, Mexico, where the band was staying to rest after a long tour. In early 2009, Australian radio station Triple J named Rules their feature album of the week. The track \"1517\" was featured in FIFA 10, the video game by EA Sports.
'Ish al-Shuhah (Arabic: عش الشوحة‎‎, also spelled Ash al-Shuha or Ushsh ash-Shuhah) is a village in northern Syria located west of Homs in the Homs Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, 'Ish al-Shuhah had a population of 342 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Greek Orthodox Christians.
Impatiens grandisepala is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae. It is endemic to Cameroon, where it is known only from Mount Cameroon. It has been collected only once, in 1979. It is an epiphyte that grows in shady mountain forest habitat.
Abhishek or Kamathri is a small village in Mau district, Uttar Pradesh, India. Mainly agricultural, the village primarily cultivates rice, wheat, and sugarcane. With a small population and few opportunities, many inhabitants decide to migrate from rural to urban areas in India.
Phone (Hangul: 폰; RR: Pon) is a 2002 South Korean horror film written and directed by Ahn Byeong-ki and starring Ha Ji-won and Kim Yoo-mi. The film is a complex and disturbing love story that involves possession and ghosts.
Sherman Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Nassau in Rensselaer County, New York. The complex includes the main house and seven contributing outbuildings. They are a hay barn, wagon barn, corn house, hog bar, ice house, and a barn attached to the hay barn. All were built in the late-18th or early-19th century. the main house was built about 1797 and is a two story, rectangular frame house with a full attic, full cellar, and high pitched gable roof in the Federal style. A major remodeling about 1840 added some Greek Revival details. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
Akbarabad-e Khaleseh Tappeh Ginu (Persian: اكبرابادخالصه تپه گينو‎‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Khāleṣeh Tappeh Gīnū; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 27 families.
Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād; also known as Kāz̧emābād and Qāsimābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 356, in 86 families.
Nymphaea mexicana is a species of aquatic plant that is native to the Southern United States and Mexico as far south as Michoacán. Common names include yellow waterlily, Mexican waterlily and banana waterlily. Nymphaea mexicana is perhaps best known as a noxious weed in wetlands outside of its native range, such as California. It can easily invade similar aquatic ecosystems when it is introduced. The plant is attractive and has been introduced to new habitats for ornamental purposes. Nymphaea mexicana has thick rhizomes and long, spongy creeping stolons which bear bunches of small yellow roots that resemble miniature bananas. The plant can grow from seedlings or send out new shoots from its stolons. The large, flat leaves are green with purple or brown patterning, and float on the surface of the water. The floating lotus flowers have yellow petals and pointed, star-like, greenish-yellow sepals. The flowers close at night. The plant flowers during the summer, and also during spring and fall in warmer areas. Seeds are contained in green berries which grow underwater. It grows in marshes and readily invades canals and other shallow waterways, sometimes becoming a nuisance. The canvasback duck feeds on the banana-like roots of the plant.
Gas is a city in the northwestern part of Allen County, located in southeast Kansas, in the Central United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 564. The city was named for the abundant natural gas that was found in the area.
Walking on Air is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley using a screenplay by Bert Kalmar, Harry Ruby, Viola Brothers Shore, and Rian James, based on the short story, \"Count Pete\", written by Francis M. Cockrell. Produced by RKO Radio Pictures, they released the film on September 11, 1936. The picture stars Gene Raymond and Ann Sothern, with a supporting cast which includes Jessie Ralph and Henry Stephenson.
Aliso Village was a housing project in Los Angeles, California. It was built in 1942 and demolished 1999. The 29-acre (120,000 m2) parcel was replaced by Pueblo del Sol. The complex was owned and managed by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles.
Quercus patelliformis is an Asian species of tree in the beech family. It is native to southern China (Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan, Jiangxi). Quercus patelliformis is a tree up to 15 meters tall. Twigs are grayish-brown. Leaves can be as much as 12 cm long.
Camp Sloggett in Koke'e State Park near Kokee, Hawaii is a historic site with significance from 1921. It is within state lands, but has buildings owned by the Kauai Young Women's Christian Association. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The listing included one contributing building and one contributing structure, as well as four non-contributing buildings and structures. It was deemed significant \"as a surviving example of camp architecture from theearly 1920s and for its associations with the Sloggett family and the YWCA.\" The Kauai YWCA took ownership in 1964 and tried to run it as a traditional YWCA-type camp providing one or two week camp experiences for children; this proved unworkable and the YWCA since operated it as a fee-for-services camp available to various groups.
Beg Beg-e Ban Khoshg (Persian: بگ بگ بان خشگ‎‎, also Romanized as Beg Beg-e Bān Khoshg; also known as Bag Bag Bān Khoshk and Bān Khoshk-e Beg Beg) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 147, in 28 families.
Battle Mountain High School is a secondary school in Eagle County, Colorado, United States. The school was originally built in 1975 in the town of Eagle-Vail. Prior to that, it was a combined middle school/high school near Battle Mountain Pass. In 2010 it was relocated to a new campus farther west in the town of Edwards. It continues to serve as one of Eagle County's primary high schools today. The new facility was designed by H+L Architecture of Denver.
Niedziałowice Drugie [ɲɛd͡ʑawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rejowiec, 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Chełm, and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 129.
Nurabad-e Simineh (Persian: نورابادسيمينه‎‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Sīmīneh; also known as Darreh Ghūl, Darreh Qūl, Darreh-ye Ghūl, and Nūrābād) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 434, in 98 families.
Pomlewo [pɔmˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Przywidz, 19 km (12 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański, and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk. The village has a population of 435.
The soundtrack to the film Pretty Baby used many local New Orleans musicians playing in the jazz, ragtime, and blues style of the city in the early 20th century. An LP album of the soundtrack, also entitled Pretty Baby, was issued in 1978 on ABC Records. The film is named after the song \"Pretty Baby\" by Tony Jackson. The soundtrack was nominated for the Academy Award for Original Music Score in the \"Adaptation Score\" category. Performers include the New Orleans Ragtime Orchestra, James Booker, Kid Thomas Valentine, Raymond Burke, Louis Nelson, Louis Barbarin, Louis Cottrell, Jr. Soundtrack list: 1.  \n* The Honey Swat Blues (05:38) (Public Domain)  2.  \n* Elite Syncopations (03:14) (Scott Joplin; arranged by Lars Edegran)  3.  \n* Heliotrope Bouquet (02:38) (Scott Joplin/Louis Chauvin)  4.  \n* Pretty Baby (01:46) (Egbert Van Alstyne/Gus Kahn/Tony Jackson)  5.  \n* King Porter Stomp (02:52) (Jelly Roll Morton)  6.  \n* Tiger Rag (00:46) (The Original Dixieland Jazz Band)  7.  \n* Swipesy (02:47) (Scott Joplin/Arthur Marshall; arranged by Lars Edegran)  8.  \n* Moonlight Bay (04:26) (Percy Wenrich/Edward Madden)  9.  \n* Heliotrope Bouquet (03:25) (Scott Joplin/Louis Chauvin; orchestra version, arranged by Lars Edegran)  10.  \n* Creole Belles (02:53) (George Sidney/J. Bodewalt Lampe; arranged by Lars Edegran)  11.  \n* Shreveport Stomp (00:59) (Jelly Roll Morton)  12.  \n* Winin' Boy Blues (02:23) (Jelly Roll Morton) Vocal by James Booker  13.  \n* After the Ball (05:13) (Charles K. Harris)  14.  \n* Where Is My Wandering Boy Tonight? (01:33) (Robert Lowry)  15.  \n* Big Lip Blues (02:42) (Jelly Roll Morton)  16.  \n* The Ragtime Dance (01:42) (Scott Joplin; arranged by Lars Edegran)  17.  \n* At A Georgia Camp Meeting (02:01) (Kerry Mills)  18.  \n* Buddy Bolden's Blues (02:29) (Jelly Roll Morton)  19.  \n* Mamie's Blues (01:58) (Mamie Desdoumes)
The British Columbia School for the Deaf is a provincial school in Burnaby, British Columbia with day programs serving deaf and hard-of-hearing students. The school teaches secondary students. It shares a campus with Burnaby South Secondary School, for hearing students, serving around 50 students.
Molla Gol Jan (Persian: ملا گل جان‎‎, also Romanized as Mollā Gol Jān and Mollā Goljān; also known as Deh-e Gol Jāl) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 198, in 46 families.
Rule High School or Rule School is a public high school located in Rule, Texas (USA). It is part of the Rule Independent School District located in western Haskell County and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. In 2013, the school was rated \"Met Standard\" by the Texas Education Agency.
The Byrnes & Kiefer Building in the Strip District neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Mel Tormé at the Red Hill is a 1962 live album by Mel Tormé, recorded at the Red Hill Club in Pennsauken, New Jersey. This was Tormé's first album for Atlantic Records.
Dhangada  is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4966 people living in 880 individual households.
Golrag (Persian: گلرگ‎‎) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
H2O Wireless (formerly O2 Wireless, not to be confused with O2 of Europe) is a United States-based prepaid GSM phone and Internet service. The CEO and Founder is Michael Walters of Cincinnati. It is the brand of mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) Locus Telecommunications, a subsidiary of KDDI America Corporation since 2010,  via AT&T's network. It is primarily advertised as a non-restrictive phone service for customers to bring or buy unsubsidised/unlocked smart phones.
Do Sineh (Persian: دوسينه‎‎, also Romanized as Do Sīneh and Dūsīneh) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 309, in 56 families.
Bharath Stores (Kannada: ಭಾರತ್ ಸ್ಟೋರ್ಸ್) is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri, starring Sudharani, H. G. Dattatreya, Chi Guru Dutt, V. Manohar and others. The film deals with issue of Foreign direct investment (FDI) in Indian retail industry, and the impact of introduction of multi brand retail outlets on small retailers.
Stanisław Kuczborski (January 31, 1912 – August 23, 2004) was a Polish pulmonologist. Kuczborski obtained his high school diploma in 1930, at the Mikołaj Kopernik Boys’ High School in Łódź. In 1930 he began his studies at the Medical Department of the Warsaw University. As a student, he contracted tuberculosis and was referred to Warsaw University's Sanatorium in Zakopane. This experience caused him to focus his medical studies. After he finished a one-year postgraduate internship in Warsaw hospitals, he worked in a sanatorium in Otwock, near Warsaw. There he expanded work in the field of internal medicine, particularly Physical medicine and rehabilitation (PM&R), or physiatry. He spent the years during the Nazi occupation in the sanatorium. After World War II, he returned to his home city of Łódź. In 1951, he received his PhD from the Medical University of Silesia. As a physician, Kuczborski was a pulmonary and physiatric consultant. His career was mainly associated with Łódź; only after from 1952 to 1955, did he reside in Warsaw serving as the deputy director of the Tuberculosis Institute in Warsaw. Kuczborski held posts as director of several hospitals in Łódź. He also established a laboratory of physiopathology of breathing, the first in the Łódź region and one of the first in Poland. He also was the director of the Lung Disease Hospital in Łagiewniki until he retired in 1977. He held foreign (Denmark, France) scientific internships mainly in the field of functional tests and rehabilitation of the respiratory system. He was an honorary member of the International Union against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease located in Paris. In Poland, he received an honorary membership of the Polish Physiatry and Pulmonology Association. Kuczborski published 70 works, mainly on tuberculosis (TB) chemotherapy, physiopathology of breathing, rehabilitation and intensive care of the respiratory system diseases.
Talajim (Persian: تلاجيم‎‎, also Romanized as Talājīm) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 7 families.
Valtion Kivääritehdas (VKT), State Rifle Factory in English, was a Finnish state-owned firearms manufacturer that existed independently in the Tourula district of Jyväskylä 1926-1946. The first serial product in the factory was the Lahti-Saloranta M/26 light machine gun. Other military firearms included the Lahti L-35 pistol and the Lahti L-39 20 mm anti-tank rifle. During World War II, production was decentralized to Seppälänkangas depot and SOK-owned factories in Vaajakoski. After the war in 1946, VKT was consolidated into the government-owned Valtion metallitehtaat conglomerate that became Valmet in 1951 and the unit was named just Tourula factory. The factory still produced sport and hunting rifles, but the main focus shifted to building industrial machines and tractors. Finally, Valmet's Tourula factory was merged with SAKO to form Sako-Valmet Oy in 1986. Production in Tourula ended in the late 1990s.
Finkolo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 477 square kilometers and includes 11 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 22,429. The village of Finoko, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 18 km east-southeast of Sikasso on the N7, the small road that links Sikasso with Bobo-Dioulasso in Burkina Fasso.
The Farmer in the Dell is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes from a screenplay by Sam Mintz and John Grey, adapted from Phil Stong's 1935 novel, which was similarly titled, Farmer in the Dell. The film was premiered by RKO Radio Pictures in New York City on March 6, 1936, and released widely later that month on March 27. It stars Fred Stone (making his film debut), Jean Parker, and Esther Dale.
Pirque (PEER-ke) is a commune of Chile in Cordillera Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region; it is located 2.8 kilometers SE of Puente Alto and 21.3 kilometers SSE of the center of Santiago. It is situated in a mountain chain.
Trinity & St. Philip's Cathedral is a historic church at Broad and Rector Streets in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark.
La Salle School, Kota Kinabalu (Malay: Sekolah Menengah La Salle Kota Kinabalu) is a co-educational secondary school for boys and girls (mostly boys) and one of the oldest schools in Kota Kinabalu on the coast of Borneo in East Malaysia. It was established in 1953 by Father Bernard Davies a Mill Hill Missionary. Despite being a mission school, the students consist of all races regardless of religion. La Salle Secondary School, Kota Kinabalu is divided into two pieces of land. The Senior Block (form 4 to Form 6), remains at its current location. The Junior Block (Form 1 to Form 3) has been relocated to the new ground to accommodate the increase in student enrolment. The single-session secondary school is located in Tanjung Aru. It is a few minutes walk from Pekan Tanjung Aru. Next to the Senior Block is SM Stella Maris.
Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎‎, also romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is an Iranian village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 53 families.
Bochlewo Drugie [bɔˈxlɛvɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kazimierz Biskupi, 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Konin, and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
LPM Comunicação is a Portuguese Public Relations and Communication Consultancy firm. It was founded in 1986 by Luís Paixão Martins, who introduced the concept of Communication Consultancy in Portugal. The firm has been leading the industry over the years.
General is the twentieth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was issued as a limited edition vinyl LP by Kevyt Nostalgia/Super Metsä in 2005. It is a recording of a concert from 12 June 2004 at Voxxx in Chemnitz, Germany. Although there are four different songs on the album, they play continuously, and the song \"Styx\" is split over the two sides of the LP. General is one of a series of vinyl-only albums released by Circle which document their often improvised freeform live shows.
Drymocallis arguta, commonly known as the tall cinquefoil, sulphur cinquefoil, prairie cinquefoil, or sticky cinquefoil, is a perennial herbaceous plant native to North America. It was formerly included with the typical cinquefoils in the genus Potentilla.
Minutes to Midnight is the fourth studio album by Australian musician, Jon English. The album was released in Australia March 1977. Three singles were released from the album, including \"Lay it All Down\" which peaked at number 46 on the Kent Music chart.
Davide Giannoni is an Italian professional vert skater. Giannoni started skating when he was 21 in 1999 and turned professional in 2010. Giannoni has attended many competitions in his vert skating career. Best Tricks McTwist 720 & Mc Twist 540
Sergey Sergeyevich Litvinov (Russian: Сергей Сергеевич Литвинов, born 27 January 1986) is a former German (dual citizenships since 3 December 1999) hammer thrower, (now competing for Russia). He won a bronze medal at the 2014 European Championships.
Echoes of the Rainbow (Chinese: 歲月神偷; Jyutping: Seoi3 Jyut6 San4 Tau1; romanisation: Shui Yuet Sun Tau; literally \"Time, the Thief\") is a 2010 Hong Kong drama film directed by Alex Law and starring Simon Yam and Sandra Ng. It won the Crystal Bear for the Best Film in the Children’s Jury \"Generation Kplus\" category at the 2010 Berlin Film Festival. It tells the story of a working family in Hong Kong whose eldest son, a popular boy and star athlete, becomes ill with leukemia. The film is set in 1960s British Hong Kong and was shot on the historical Wing Lee Street in Sheung Wan. It was financed by the Hong Kong government's Film Development Fund.
Zaosie [zaˈɔɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Ujazd, 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki, and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Jens Franke (born June 29, 1964) is a German mathematician. He holds a chair at the University of Bonn's Hausdorff Center for Mathematics since 1992. Franke's research has covered various problems of number theory, algebraic geometry and analysis on locally symmetric spaces. Franke attended the University of Jena, where he earned his Ph.D. under Hans Triebel in 1986. He was awarded the EMS Prize in 1992, and the Oberwolfach Prize in 1993. In recent years, Franke worked on an implementation of the Number Field Sieve algorithm for prime decomposition. In May 2007, he and his colleague Thorsten Kleinjung announced the factorization of M1039 (see also Mersenne prime).
Duke Ellington Meets Coleman Hawkins is a jazz album by Duke Ellington and Coleman Hawkins recorded on August 18, 1962 and released in February 1963 by Impulse! Records. In 1995, the New York Times described it as \"one of the great Ellington albums, one of the great Hawkins albums and one of the great albums of the 1960s\".
Rzeżęcin [ʐɛˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Morzeszczyn, 30 km (19 mi) south of Tczew, and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk. For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 313.
Phir Milenge (We Will Meet Again) is a 1942 Hindi/Urdu social drama film produced and directed by Sohrab Modi. Made under the banner of Minerva Movietone, it had music by Mir Saheb while the lyricist was Pandit Sudarshan. Modi had discovered Meena when she came to watch his film shooting. He cast her in a character role for her debut in Sikandar (1941). This was her second film for Modi where she played a supporting role. She was later to marry producer, director Roop K. Shorey and go on to become popular as Meena Shorey. The film starred Sardar Akhtar, Sadiq Ali, K. N. Singh, Meena (Meena Shorey), Eruch Tarapore and Saadat Ali.
Foolish Behaviour  is Rod Stewart's tenth studio album released on 21 November 1980 (see 1980 in music) and on the Riva label in the United Kingdom (RVLP 11) and on Warner Bros. Records in both The United States (HS 3485) and Germany (WB 56 865). The tracks were recorded at The Record Plant Studios and Cherokee Studios in Los Angeles from February to September, 1980. \"Passion\", \"My Girl\", \"Somebody Special\" and \"Oh God, I Wish I Was Home Tonight\" were released as singles. The video to another song on the album, \"She Won't Dance With Me\", was the third video to be played on MTV when it launched 1 August 1981. The lyrics contain the use of the word \"fuck\" which surprisingly remained unedited in the video.
Cistanthe is a plant genus which includes most plants known as pussypaws. These are small, succulent flowering plants which often bear brightly colored flowers, though they vary quite a bit between species in appearance. Some species have flowers that are tightly packed into fluffy-looking inflorescences, the trait that gives them their common name. Many are adapted to arid environments, with some able to withstand climates that almost completely lack rainfall. Cistanthe was a genus created to segregate several species previously classified in Calandrinia. Several species from other closely related genera have been moved into Cistanthe as well. Selected species: \n* Cistanthe amaranthoides \n* Cistanthe ambigua - desert pussypaws \n* Cistanthe arancioana \n* Cistanthe calycina \n* Cistanthe celosioides \n* Cistanthe cephalophora \n* Cistanthe cymosa \n* Cistanthe grandiflora \n* Cistanthe guadalupensis \n* Cistanthe maritima - seaside pussypaws \n* Cistanthe monandra - common pussypaws, sandcress \n* Cistanthe monosperma - one-seeded pussypaws \n* Cistanthe parryi - Parry's pussypaws \n* Cistanthe pulchella - Mariposa pussypaws \n* Cistanthe pygmaea - pygmy pussypaws \n* Cistanthe quadripetala - fourpetal pussypaws \n* Cistanthe rosea - rosy pussypaws \n* Cistanthe salsoloides \n* Cistanthe umbellata - Mount Hood pussypaws
Matrix Partners is a US-based private equity investment firm focusing on venture capital investments. The firm invests in seed and early-stage companies in the United States and India, particularly in the software, communications, semiconductors, data storage, Internet or wireless sectors. The firm has offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Palo Alto, California, Mumbai, India and Beijing, China. Matrix Partners is not connected with Matrix Private Equity Partners LLP or Matrix Securities, which are part of Matrix Group, a UK financial services business based in London.
The Warren Township District No. 4 School, also known as the Bunert School, is a one-room schoolhouse building located at 27900 Bunert Road in Warren, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1989. It is the last one-room schoolhouse remaining in Warren.
Thousands of Evils is the second EP by Swedish djent band Vildhjarta. The album was released digitally in Europe on September 30, 2013, and worldwide in digital form and on a limited 1,000 copy 12\" vinyl press on 29 October 2013. The EP was made available on Spotify on October 3, 2013.
Durgapur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3466 people living in 650 individual households.
Harold Mead Stark (born August 6, 1939 in Los Angeles, California)is an American mathematician, specializing in number theory. He is best known for his solution of the Gauss class number 1 problem, in effect correcting and completing the earlier work of Kurt Heegner, and for Stark's conjecture. He has recently collaborated with Audrey Terras on zeta functions in graph theory. He is currently on the faculty of the University of California at San Diego. Stark received his bachelor's degree from California Institute of Technology in 1961 and his PhD from the University of California, Berkeley in 1964. He was on the faculty at the University of Michigan from 1964 to 1968, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1968 to 1980, and at the University of California, San Diego from 1980 to the present. Stark was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1983 and to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2007. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Salem High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Salem, Fulton County, Arkansas, United States. It is one of three public high schools in Fulton County and the sole high school administered by Salem School District. For the 2010–11 school year, the school provides secondary education for more than 330 students in grades 7 through 12 and employs more than 27 educators.
Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 18 families.
The Thomas N. Taylor House is a historic house located at 342 North 500 West in Provo, Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. \"Built in 1904, the Thomas N. Taylor house exemplifies the \"dream home\" of many in Utah's second generation. This house is significant as the most outstanding and well-preserved example of the Classical Box style in Provo. The box style was used extensively in Salt Lake City but was not common in Provo. Its classical detailing, irregular massing and unaltered condition make it particularly distinctive among the limited number of Provo examples of this type. Thomas N. Taylor was a popular man in the area. He served as manager of the Taylor Brothers Store, Provo mayor, and President of the Utah Stake of the LDS Church (Historic Provo p. 9).\" The Thomas Taylor House was designated to the Provo City Landmarks register as of July 28, 1995.
Hermann Vermeil (1889–1959) was a German mathematician who produced the first published proof that the scalar curvature is the only absolute invariant among those of prescribed type suitable for Einstein’s theory. The theorem was proved by him in 1917 when he was Hermann Weyl's assistant.
The King's Jester (Italian:Il re si diverte) is a 1941 Italian historical film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Michel Simon, María Mercader and Rossano Brazzi. The film is an adaptation of the play Le roi s'amuse by Victor Hugo and uses music from Verdi's later opera Rigoletto. It is set at the court of Francis I of France in the Sixteenth century.
Pre-Madonna is a collection of demos by American singer Madonna. The album was released in 1997 by Stephen Bray, who was the producer of the songs when they were recorded, and was distributed by Soultone. It was released as In the Beginning in European countries. Madonna met up with Bray, her former boyfriend, in 1980 when she was trying to establish her music career. She had left the band Breakfast Club and enlisted Bray's help to further her career. Together they started writing songs and recorded them at New York's Music Building studio. The songs recorded at that time—seven of which were written solely by Madonna—were released in Pre-Madonna. Although not authorized by Madonna, Bray decided to release Pre-Madonna by remixing some of the tracks, and keeping the others in their original form. Included were the demo versions of \"Everybody\" and \"Burning Up\" which Madonna used for her self-titled debut album. Bray chose to coincide the release of the album with the birth of Madonna's daughter Lourdes, to cash-in the publicity. The album received mixed reviews, with some critics deeming the release as unnecessary, while others were delighted to hear Madonna's original recordings.
I Could Live In Hope is the debut studio album by American band Low, released in 1994 on Vernon Yard Recordings. A reaction to the abrasiveness of alternative rock in the early 1990s —when grunge had a reigning popularity—, Low \"eschewed conventional songwriting in favour of mood and movement.\" Influenced by Brian Eno and Joy Division, the band favored slow-paced compositions, a minimum of instrumentation and an economy of language; working with long-time producer and New York underground mainstay Mark Kramer. Featuring an \"unprecedent pace in the then-flowering underground,\" I Could Live in Hope help to birth the genre known as slowcore, that would encompass acts from Bedhead to Codeine throughout the 1990s.
Gerrit de Vries (born 13 May 1967) is a retired road racing cyclist from the Netherlands, who was a professional from 1989 to 1997. As an amateur he won the world title in the 100 km team time trial, alongside Rob Harmeling, Tom Cordes and John Talen in 1986. His team finished in 11th place in this event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. De Vries rode in six editions of the Tour de France.
Reawakened is a digital extended play (EP) by American recording artist Stacie Orrico. It was released as a digital album in SoundCloud on August 24, 2014, as a precursor of her next album for 2016. It is Orrico's first official release since she was released from her contract with Virgin Records and signed to Red Light Management. The seven-track EP includes one cover of Albanian artist Kristine Elezaj of Light Years (original written by Stacie Orrico herself), the promo for New York restaurant No Mad called 'Catch Me If You Can' with the accompaniment of Gabe Cummins Orchestra, a remix of 'So Pray' including in her debut album Genuine, and other new songs
Tumisang Monnatlala (born 31 January 1995) is a South African steeplechase runner. He competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing without qualifying for the final.
Two Knights from Brooklyn (1949) chronicles the adventures of two average \"Joes\" that form a Taxi company in Brooklyn, foil the infamous gangster, \"The Frisco Ghost\", and live through wives and girlfriend problems. This film was actually compiled from two of Hal Roach's Streamliners short features, both originally directed by Neumann a few years before.
Afqa (Arabic: افقا‎‎; also spelled Afka) is a village and municipality located in the Jbeil District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate, 71 kilometres (44 mi) northeast of Beirut in Lebanon. It has an average elevation of 1,200 meters above sea level and a total land area of 934 hectares.Its inhabitants are predominantly Shia Muslims. Known in ancient times as Apheca or Afeka, the word can be interpreted as \"source\", is located in the mountains of Lebanon, about 20 kilometres from the ancient city of Byblos, which still stands just east of the town of Qartaba. It is the site of one of the finest waterfalls in the mountains of the Middle East, which feeds into the Adonis River (known today as Abraham River or Nahr Ibrahim in Arabic), and forms Lake Yammoune, with which it is also associated by legend. In Greek mythology Adonis was born and died at the foot of the falls in Afqa. The ruins of the celebrated temple of Aphrodite Aphakitis— the Aphrodite particular to this site— are located there. Sir Richard Francis Burton and Sir James Frazer further attribute the temple at Afqa to the honouring of Astarte or Ishtar (Ashtaroth). Afqa is aligned centrally between Baalbek and Byblos, pointing to the summer solstice sunset over the Mediterranean. It is from Byblos that the myth was told of a mystical ark that came ashore containing the bones of Osiris. The ark became stuck in a swamp until Isis found it and carried it back to Ancient Egypt.
Naan Sigappu Manithan (English: I am a Red Man) is a 2014 Tamil psychological thriller film directed by Thiru and produced by UTV Motion Pictures. Co-produced by Vishal, the film stars himself in the leading role with Lakshmi Menon and Iniya in supporting roles, while G. V. Prakash Kumar composed the film's music. The film deals with narcolepsy. It was released on 11 April 2014.
The Ebenezer Heath House is a historic house at 30 Heath Street in Brookline, Massachusetts. The two-story wood-frame house was built in 1794 by John Heath for his son Ebenezer and daughter-in-law Hannah (Williams) Heath. The Heaths were related to the Sewall family, who were major local landowners in the 18th century. The house is five bays wide, with a hip roof pierced by a pair of chimneys behind the center roofline. The main entrance is flanked by pilasters, and topped by a four-light transom window and dentillated triangular pediment. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
800 Bullets (Spanish: 800 Balas) is a 2002 Spanish film directed by Álex de la Iglesia. The film is about the Westerns made in Almería, Spain and the Spaghetti Western in general. The characters are old stuntmen.
Transition is an album of music by jazz saxophonist John Coltrane, recorded in 1965 but released posthumously only in 1970. As its title indicates, Transition was a bridge between classic quartet recordings like A Love Supreme and the more experimental works of Coltrane's last years. For some reason, Impulse! decided to alter the track listing of the original album on the CD edition, removing \"Dear Lord\" and replacing it with two pieces originally released on Kulu Sé Mama, both recorded on June 10: \"Welcome\" and \"Vigil\". However, the 2001 Japanese edition restored the original track listing. Coltrane's playing alternates between blues idioms and the free jazz that would dominate his final work. Of the four musicians on this album, pianist McCoy Tyner was still the most grounded in traditional jazz. Bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones were finding new ways to approach their instruments, while Coltrane took the lead with a newfound musical freedom. Transition's title track is a fifteen-minute modified blues, whilst \"Dear Lord\" is a ballad featuring Roy Haynes substituting for Jones on drums. \"Welcome,\" which replaces \"Dear Lord\" on the album's compact disc release, is a five-minute ballad with a theme pitched high in the tenor saxophone's altissimo register and making extensive use of multiphonics. The closing \"Suite\" is a twenty-minute performance, covering a variety of moods. \"Vigil\", which concludes the CD release of the album, is a fiery duet between Coltrane and Jones. Two months after this recording, Coltrane's quartet moved further into experimental territory with the album Sun Ship.
DDC-I, Inc. is a privately held company providing software development of real-time operating systems, software development tools, and software services for safety-critical embedded applications, headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona. It was first created in 1985 as the Danish firm DDC International A/S (also known as DDC-I A/S), a commercial outgrowth of Dansk Datamatik Center, a Danish software research and development organization of the 1980s. The American subsidiary was created in 1986. For many years, the firm specialized in language compilers for the programming language Ada. In 2003, the Danish office was closed and all operations moved to the Phoenix location.
The McIntosh Building is a historic commercial building at the corner of Chestnut and Worthington Streets in downtown Springfield, Massachusetts. It was built in 1918 for the McIntosh Shoe Corporation as it expanded its business. McIntosh was described in 1913 as \"not only the oldest but largest inland boot and shoe jobbing house in [New England].\" The building is a locally unusual example of the Chicago style of architecture. At the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, it still had its original storefronts.
Euthamia graminifolia (grass-leaved goldenrod or flat-top goldentop) is a North American species of plants in the daisy family. It is native to much of Canada (from Newfoundland to British Columbia), and the northern and eastern United States (primarily the Northeast, the Great Lakes region, and the Ohio Valley, with additional populations in the Southeast, the Great Plains, and a few scattered locations in the Pacific Northwest).There are also introduced populations in Europe and Asia.
Pareh Aleh (Persian: پاره اله‎‎, also Romanized as Pāreh Āleh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 17 families.
Sur Shafilat (Persian: سورشفيع لات‎‎, also Romanized as Sūr Shafīʿlāt; also known as Sūr Shafīlāt) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 89 families.
Divorcing Jack is a 1998 satirical black comedy. The plot is set around the Northern Irish reporter Dan Starkey who gets entangled into a web of political intrigue and Irish sectarian violence, at the same time as Northern Ireland is set to elect a new Prime Minister. Writer Colin Bateman adapted his own book as the screenplay.
The Portland Building, alternatively referenced as the Portland Municipal Services Building, is a 15-story municipal office building located at 1120 SW 5th Avenue in downtown Portland, Oregon. Built at a cost of US$29 million, it opened in 1982 and was considered architecturally groundbreaking at the time. The building houses offices of the City of Portland and is located adjacent to Portland City Hall. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
Harbazchellow (Persian: هربازچلو‎‎, also Romanized as Harbāzchellow) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 7 families.
Chorizanthe diffusa is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name diffuse spineflower. It is endemic to California, where it grows on the coastline and mountains of the Central Coast, in sandy scrub, woodland, and forest habitat. It is erect to prostrate in form, its stem generally no longer than 15 or 20 centimeters. The leaves are up to 2 centimeters long and mainly arranged about the base of the plant. The inflorescence is a cluster of flowers, each surrounded by six hook-tipped bracts. The margins of the bracts proximal to the long hooked tip may be very thin and nearly invisible to wide and obvious, and they may be green to white to purplish. The flower itself is about 3 millimeters wide and white with a yellow throat. The tips of its tepals may be smooth or jagged or toothed.
Established in 2001 by the Satikanta Guha Foundation, Garden High is an English-medium coeducational school affiliated to CISCE. The first Academic Session of the School began in November,2001.This School is an attempt to give a ‘local habitation and a name’ to the vision that Satikanta Guha and his wife, Prity Lata Guha, had tried to give shape to in founding South Point School.That vision is shared by all who have played a part in founding the School and are involved in its present management. The four houses of Garden High School are Chinar, Cedar, Oak and Palm.
Still Life with Guitar is the fourteenth studio album by Kevin Ayers. It was the final recording to feature guitarist Ollie Halsall, who died shortly after its release. Ayers would not record another album of new material for fifteen years.
A Woman in the Web is a 1918 American drama film serial directed by Paul Hurst and David Smith. It was the 9th of 17 serials released by The Vitagraph Company of America. This World War I period serial about a Russian princess and the overthrow of the Tsar introduced the concept of the Red Menace to serials. The serial is now considered to be a lost film.
Beloved is the fourth album by Japanese rock/pop band Glay. It was released on November 18, 1996, and peaked at #1 at Oricon charts, with 1,522,540 copies sold. The album was certified \"Million\" by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).
The Micah Williams House is a historic house at 342 William Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Greek Revival cottage was built c. 1830 by Micah Williams. Unlike many Greek Revival buildings, which have the gable end facing the street, this one has the front on the roof side, a more traditional colonial orientation. Its facade is five bays wide, with a center entrance sheltered by a hip-roof portico with square columns. The house was built by Williams (who lived across the street) for his daughter. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Meeting is a reunion studio album released by the jazz group the Art Ensemble of Chicago (AEOC). It was recorded during the Spring of 2003 in Madison, Wisconsin and released on August 19, 2003 on the international label Pi Recordings.
Wellington High School is a public high school located in the city of Wellington, Texas, in Collingsworth County, United States and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Wellington Independent School District located in south central Collingsworth County. In 2015, the school was rated \"Met Standard\" by the Texas Education Agency.
Łosiewice [wɔɕɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łochów, 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Węgrów, and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 330.
Lorenz Peter Elfred Freuchen (February 2, 1886 – September 2, 1957) was a Danish explorer, author, journalist and anthropologist. He is notable for his role in Arctic exploration, especially the Thule Expeditions.
Word...Life is the debut album from underground hip hop artist O.C., who came to prominence in hip hop because of the album. It was released on October 18, 1994 by Wild Pitch Records. It also helped establish his membership in the legendary hip hop crew D.I.T.C., which includes Lord Finesse, Showbiz & A.G., Diamond D, Fat Joe, Big L and Buckwild, who produced the majority of this album. The album is now out of print. The album is most remembered because of the single \"Time's Up\". The instrumental to the track was used in the movie 8 Mile, starring rapper Eminem, in a rap battle scene. The song was a scathing accusation, pointed at thug-posturers who were flooding the hip hop scene at the time. Vocal clips from the song have been sampled in numerous hip hop tracks throughout the years; including Mos Def's song \"Hip Hop\" off of his 1999 album Black on Both Sides and Big L's song \"The Enemy\", which appears on his posthumous album The Big Picture.
Famous Blue Raincoat is the sixth studio album recorded by the American singer Jennifer Warnes. It debuted on the Billboard 200 on February 14, 1987 and peaked at No. 72 in the US Billboard chart and No.33 in the UK albums chart. Originally released by Cypress Records (RCA records in the UK), it was reissued by Private Music after Cypress went out of business. It is the only Jennifer Warnes album to make the UK albums chart (up to September 2014). Released in January 1987, Famous Blue Raincoat is a tribute to Leonard Cohen, with whom Warnes had toured as a backup singer in the 1970s. The album's songs span much of Cohen's career, from his 1969 album Songs from a Room to his 1984 album Various Positions (on which Warnes sang), and even two songs (\"First We Take Manhattan\" and \"Ain't No Cure for Love\") from Cohen's then-unreleased album I'm Your Man. Guest contributors include guitarists Stevie Ray Vaughan, David Lindley and Robben Ford, drummer Vinnie Colaiuta, keyboardist Russell Ferrante, arranger Van Dyke Parks and Cohen himself duetting on \"Joan of Arc.\" The liner notes include a cartoon by Cohen of a torch being passed with the caption, \"Jenny Sings Lenny.\" The album is the first record produced by Roscoe Beck. In August 2007, a remastered and expanded 20th anniversary edition was released.
Spring Mill Complex, also known as the Michael Gunkle Spring Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located in East Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1793, and is a  2 1⁄2-story, banked stone structure with a gable roof. Also on the property are the contributing  2 1⁄2-story, stuccoed stone miller's house; a 1-story, stone spring house; a 1-story, stone smoke house; and a 1-story, stone carriage house. The mill remained in continuous operation into the 1940s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Barfi is a 2013 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film written and directed by Shekar. It stars Diganth and Bhama in the lead roles. Arjun Janya is the music director and KM Shankar is the producer of the film.
Ralph Tschudi (February 26, 1890 – October 11, 1975) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Lyn, which won the silver medal in the 8 metre class (1919 rating).
Jarostowo [jarɔsˈtɔvɔ] (German: Liebenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Recz, 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Choszczno, and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration and ethnically cleansed according to the post-war Potsdam Agreement. The native German populace was expelled and replaced with Poles. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Dworek [ˈdvɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Będzino, 17 km (11 mi) west of Koszalin, and 126 km (78 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 180.
Andrachne is a genus of flowering plants in the family Phyllanthaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753. It is one of eight genera in the tribe Poranthereae. They are monoecious herbs or subshrubs, native to semideserts and desert margins of the Americas, southern Europe, North Africa, and South Asia. Linnaeus took the name from Theophrastus, but it is not clear to which plant Theophrastus applied the name. Species 1.  \n*  Andrachne afghanica - Afghanistan  2.  \n*  Andrachne aspera - NW Africa, E Africa + SW Asia from Egypt + Ethiopia to Pakistan  3.  \n*  Andrachne brittonii - Cuba, Haiti  4.  \n*  Andrachne buschiana - Transcaucasus  5.  \n*  Andrachne ephemera - Ethiopia  6.  \n*  Andrachne fedtschenkoi - Turkmenistan, Tadzhikistan  7.  \n*  Andrachne filiformis - Transcaucasus  8.  \n*  Andrachne fragilis - Somalia  9.  \n*  Andrachne fruticulosa - SW Iran  10.  \n*  Andrachne maroccana - Morocco  11.  \n*  Andrachne merxmuelleri - Iran  12.  \n*  Andrachne microphylla - Baja California Sur, Sonora, Peru  13.  \n*  Andrachne minutifolia - N Iran  14.  \n*  Andrachne pulvinata - N Iran  15.  \n*  Andrachne pusilla - Tadzhikistan  16.  \n*  Andrachne pygmaea - Kyrgyzstan  17.  \n*  Andrachne ramosa - Iran  18.  \n*  Andrachne reflexa - Iran  19.  \n*  Andrachne schweinfurthii - Somalia, Socotra  20.  \n*  Andrachne stenophylla - S Turkmenistan, N Iran  21.  \n*  Andrachne telephioides - Mediterranean, E Africa, SW + S + C Asia  22.  \n*  Andrachne virgatenuis - Tadzhikistanformerly included moved to other genera: Bischofia Breynia Bridelia Cleistanthus Leptopus Meineckia Notoleptopus Phyllanthus Phyllanthopsis Pseudophyllanthus Sauropus 1.  \n*  A. apetala - Bischofia javanica 2.  \n*  A. arborea - Phyllanthus grandifolius 3.  \n*  A. arida - Phyllanthopsis arida  4.  \n*  A. attenuata - Leptopus clarkei  5.  \n*  A. australis - Leptopus australis  6.  \n*  A. bodinieri - Leptopus chinensis  7.  \n*  A. cadishaco - Cleistanthus collinus  8.  \n*  A. cadishan - Leptopus chinensis  9.  \n*  A. calcarea - Leptopus australis  10.  \n*  A. capensis - Pseudophyllanthus ovalis 11.  \n*  A. capillipes - Leptopus chinensis  12.  \n*  A. cavaleriei - Leptopus chinensis  13.  \n*  A. cerebroides - Meineckia cerebroides 14.  \n*  A. chinensis - Leptopus chinensis  15.  \n*  A. clarkei - Leptopus clarkei  16.  \n*  A. colchica - Leptopus chinensis  17.  \n*  A. cordifolia - Leptopus cordifolius  18.  \n*  A. cuneifolia - Phyllanthus cuneifolius  19.  \n*  A. decaisneana - Leptopus cordifolius  20.  \n*  A. decaisnei - Notoleptopus decaisnei  21.  \n*  A. doonkyboisca - Bridelia retusa 22.  \n*  A. dregeana - Pseudophyllanthus ovalis 23.  \n*  A. elliptica - Bridelia montana  24.  \n*  A. emicans - Leptopus emicans  25.  \n*  A. esquirolii - Leptopus clarkei  26.  \n*  A. fruticosa L. - Breynia fruticosa 27.  \n*  A. fruticosa Decne. ex Müll.Arg. - Notoleptopus decaisnei  28.  \n*  A. fruticosa B.Heyne ex Hook.f. - Meineckia parvifolia  29.  \n*  A. fruticosa var. orbicularis (Benth.) Pax & K.Hoffm. - Notoleptopus decaisnei  30.  \n*  A. gracilipes - Meineckia gracilipes  31.  \n*  A. hainanensis - Leptopus hainanensis  32.  \n*  A. hirsuta - Leptopus chinensis 33.  \n*  A. hirta - Leptopus australis  34.  \n*  A. hypoglauca - Leptopus clarkei  35.  \n*  A. lanceolata - Leptopus australis  36.  \n*  A. lolonum - Leptopus chinensis 37.  \n*  A. montana - Leptopus chinensis 38.  \n*  A. nana - Leptopus chinensis 39.  \n*  A. orbicularis - Notoleptopus decaisnei  40.  \n*  A. orbiculata - Cleistanthus collinus 41.  \n*  A. ovalis - Pseudophyllanthus ovalis  42.  \n*  A. ovata - Sauropus androgynus  43.  \n*  A. pachyphylla - Leptopus pachyphyllus 44.  \n*  A. persicariifolia - Leptopus clarkei  45.  \n*  A. phyllanthoides - Phyllanthopsis phyllanthoides 46.  \n*  A. polypetala - Leptopus australis  47.  \n*  A. pumila - Phyllanthus caroliniensis 48.  \n*  A. reverchonii - Phyllanthopsis phyllanthoides 49.  \n*  A. robinsonii - Leptopus robinsonii  50.  \n*  A. roemeriana - Phyllanthopsis phyllanthoides 51.  \n*  A. schaffneriana - Phyllanthus caroliniensis 52.  \n*  A. tenera - Leptopus australis  53.  \n*  A. trifoliata - Bischofia javanica  54.  \n*  A. yunnanensis - Leptopus chinensis
Kocaoba is a village in İzmir Province, Turkey. Administratively, it is part of Dikili district and it is at the east of Dikili. The distance to Aegean Sea coast is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi). The population of the village is 204  as of 2011.
Kikha Mahalleh (Persian: كيخامحله‎‎, also Romanized as Kīkhā Maḩalleh; also known as Kīākhā Maḩalleh) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 941, in 237 families.
Astronium fraxinifolium is a timber tree, which is native to Amazon Rainforest, Atlantic Forest, Caatinga, and Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. Common names include kingwood, locustwood, tigerwood, and zebrawood. It is known in Portuguese as Goncalo alves. This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius. It is also used to make hardwood such as Tigerwood.
Revision – Apocalypse II is a 2009 drama/ horror film written and directed by Edwin Brienen. The film is an international co-production of Germany, Netherlands and USA and celebrated its premiere at the Netherlands Film Festival in 2010.
Kim Jongho (born 18 July 1994) is a South Korean male compound archer and part of the national team. He participated in the team event and individual event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen.
Gadi Bayalkada  is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3413.
Anielino [aɲeˈlinɔ] (German: Dorotheenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Aristida chaseae is a rare species of grass known by the common name Chase's threeawn. It is endemic to Puerto Rico, where it is known from two locations in the Cabo Rojo National Wildlife Refuge and the Sierra Bermeja. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. It cannot compete with introduced species of grasses, such as Brachiaria subquadripara, which are invading its habitat. This is a perennial grass producing a tuft of stems up to half a meter high or a bit taller. Plants occurring in the deep soils of Cabo Rojo tend to be more robust than those growing in the poorer soils of the Sierra Bermeja. Cabo Rojo plants occur in coastal grassland habitat, and those in the Sierra grow in acidic clay soils with many rocky outcrops. Development of the Sierra Bermeja is a potential threat for the grass and many other endemic plant species.
Scoil Chaitríona Senior is a co-educational primary school in Renmore, Galway, Ireland. It provides education for children from 3rd to 6th class. It is located beside Scoil Chaitríona Junior, which caters for children from junior infants to 2nd class. The schools are run separately from each other and have different principals and staff. However, students from the junior school are immediately accepted into the senior school when they are going from 2nd class into 3rd.
Hradaspur is a village in Phagwara Tehsil in Kapurthala district of Punjab State, India. It is located 35 kilometres (22 mi) from Kapurthala, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from Phagwara. The village is administrated by a sarpanch, an elected representative of the village.
Chal Gondam (Persian: چال گندم‎‎, also Romanized as Chāl Gondam) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 4 families.
Tao Business is an EP by the Serbian noise-rock band Klopka Za Pionira, released in 2007 (see 2007 in music) on the Ne-ton independent label. It has only one song, albeit almost twenty minutes long, which is actually an excerpt from one of the band's sessions with Vladimir Palibrk (the brother of their regular drummer Vuk Palibrk) on drums as a special guest. The whole song was recorded in one take at the Pančevo gallery Elektrika, all instruments at the same time, and is built on improvisation. The result is a drone, noise tune with a free-jazz form. There are almost no lyrics and surprisingly little guitar while the bass guitar, drums and electronics dominate.
Megalopolis Expressway Trial (首都高速トライアル Shuto kōsoku toraiaru) is the original title of a series of six Japanese films, about illegal highway racing in the Shuto Expressway, released between 1988 and 1996. An English subtitled version of the films series -renamed Freeway Speedway- was released on DVD in North America in 2004 due to commercial success of popular Hollywood films like The Fast and The Furious (\"before there was The Fast And The Furious, there was Freeway Speedway\" is a quote appearing on the fourth DVD). A 4-disc re-release of the 2004 edition was made available in 2007, it was renamed Tokyo Speedway: The Complete Collection. Though also available in Hong Kong, the DVD edition was not released in Japan since the series is still banned and the last episode unreleased yet.
The incumbent headteacher is John J. Rooney, who succeeded Brian S.L. Donnellan at Christmas 2009. The school consistently achieves high GCSE results and is amongst the best in the Wakefield Local Authority area . A very high percentage of its students go on to further education.
Send Me Your Love is the second studio album from Kashif. The album was released in 1984 on Arista Records. The album includes the hit singles \"Baby Don't Break Your Baby's Heart\", \"Are You the Woman\" and \"Ooh Love\". In 1985 \"Edgartown Groove\" brought Kashif and Al Jarreau a Grammy Award nomination for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. The album was digitally remastered for the first time by Finnesse Records in 2008. In 2012, Funky Town Grooves also remastered and expanded the album including six additional bonus tracks.
Simon Kirch (born 26 September 1979 in Neuwied) is a German track and field athlete specialised in the 400 metres. A two time national champion, Kirch participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as part of the German 4 × 400m relay team which failed to reach the final.
Back in the Circus (2004) is the fourth studio album released by Jonatha Brooke. The track \"Less Than Love is Nothing\", written with Eric Bazilian, is the first co-written song Brooke has included on a solo album. Additionally, this is her first album to feature cover version of other bands' songs: \"Fire and Rain\", \"God Only Knows\", and \"Eye in the Sky\".
Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. is a publicly traded independent film production company registered in Nevada engaged in developing, financing, producing and licensing theatrical motion pictures. Notable films from Seven Arts include Stander, Asylum, Noise and more recently Night of the Demons. Productions of films were distributed through Shaw's Seven Arts International internationally.
Parcelacja Rożniatowska [part͡sɛˈlat͡sja rɔʐɲaˈtɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Zarzecze, 11 km (7 mi) south of Przeworsk, and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The Deacon Samuel Hill House is a historic First Period house at 33 Riverhurst Road in Billerica, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house is estimated to have been built around 1725, based on analysis of its construction techniques. It was probably built by Deacon Samuel Hill, who inherited the property where it stood from Ralph Hill, an early settler of the area. The house was originally a single room in depth, but a leanto was added in the 18th century, giving it the typical Georgian saltbox appearance. One of the upper chambers has a rare example of wood paneling painted with a marbleized finish. The house was moved to its present location (likely a short distance from its original site) sometime in the 1970s. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Samad Rustamov is a Uzbekistani Combat Sambo fighter who competed in the 2008 World Sambo Championship and placed 5th, losing to the eventual champion Blagoi Ivanov. He also won the silver medal at the 2006 World Sambo Championships.
Reliance Power Limited is part of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group. It was established to develop, construct and operate power projects in the Indian and international markets. Reliance Infrastructure Limited, an Indian private sector power utility company and the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group promote Reliance Power. The company is the sole distributor of electricity to consumers in the suburbs of Mumbai. It also runs power generation, transmission and distribution businesses in other parts of Maharashtra, Goa and Andhra Pradesh. With its subsidiaries, it is developing 13 medium and large-sized power projects with a combined planned installed capacity of 33,480 MW. Reliance Natural Resources merged with Reliance Power in 2010, shortly after its initial public offering.
Hotel Kazakhstan (Kazakh: \"Қазақстан\" Қонақ Үйі, Russian: Гостиница \"Казахстан\") is the second tallest building in the city of Almaty, Kazakhstan. It is 102 m (335 ft) tall, with 26 floors. It is situated in the southern center of Almaty. It is located on Dostyk Avenue, a major road in the east part of the city which runs all the way from Medeo to Panfilov Park, in the north part of town. The building was erected in 1970. It is constructed to stand an earthquake that measures 9.0 on the Richter scale. It is a famous landmark all over Almaty, and serves as a symbol of the city. It is also the eighth tallest building in all Kazakhstan.
Chandeni Mandan is a village development committee in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3267 and had 618 houses in it.
Pebbles, Volume 4 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series and is a completely different album from the Pebbles, Volume 4 CD that was released by AIP Records in 1992.
Ikawa (井川村 Ikawa-mura) was a village located in Abe District, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. On January 1, 1969 Ikawa joined with neighboring Shizuoka city. It is now part of Aoi-ku, Shizuoka. As of January 1, 1969-final population data before the amalgamation, the town had an estimated population of 2,471 and a density of 4.95 persons per km². The total area was 498.90 km². Ikawa, located in the mountainous area between Shizuoka and Yamanashi Prefecture is the location of Ikawa Dam, a major hydroelectric power plant for Shizuoka Prefecture. It is also a popular sightseeing location for local residents. \"Ikawa Menpa\" which is a lacquered hinoki wooden lunch box is a local speciality.
SatoshiPay is a company that processes nanopayment transactions usually in the form of bitcoins (or smaller Bitcoin units called, \"satoshis\"). The company is currently developing a two-way payment platform that will allow content providers to charge consumers a small fee (as low as one satoshi or a fraction of a cent) to read, watch, or listen to content. In September 2015, the company received seed funding from British entrepreneur Jim Mellon's investment firm, Kuala Innovations.
Nowa Wola [ˈnɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lesznowola, 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Piaseczno, and 14 km (9 mi) south of Warsaw.
Afriz (Persian: افريز‎‎, also Romanized as Āfrīz) is a village in Afriz Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 888, in 260 families.
Iris zagrica is a species in the genus Iris, in the subgenus Hermodactyloides and section Reticulatae.It is a bulbous perennial plant. It was described by botanical authors Brian Mathew and Mehdi Zarrei in 2009, who published their findings in Curtis's Botanical Magazine volume 26(3), pages 245-252, table 653. Its name was verified in the US in 2003, by ARS Systematic Botanists It was named after the Zagros Mountains in Iran. In 2010, it was exhibited at the RHS London Early Spring Show by a Director of Kew. It was awarded a Botanical Certificate by the Joint Rock Garden Plant Committee of the Alpine Garden Society.
Wola Gutowska [ˈvɔla ɡuˈtɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Jedlińsk, 14 km (9 mi) north of Radom, and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw. The village has an approximate population of 270.
The Horse of Pride is a 1980 film directed by Claude Chabrol. Its title in French is Le cheval d'orgueil. It is based on Le cheval d'orgueil, an autobiography by Pêr-Jakez Helias. The film takes place in the Bigouden area south of Quimper.
Sokolniki [sɔkɔlˈɲikʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mieleszyn, 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Gniezno, and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Er Dong (Chinese: 二冬; pinyin: èr dōng), directed by Yang Jin, is a 2008 narrative independent Chinese film about a rebellious teenager in rural northern China. The film is shot in documentary-style and is the director's second feature.
João de Barros (born 25 May 1993) is a male São Tomé and Príncipe sprinter. He competed in the 100 metres event at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics in Beijing, China.
Henry & June is a 1990 American biographical drama film directed by Philip Kaufman, and stars Fred Ward, Maria de Medeiros and Uma Thurman. It is loosely based on Anaïs Nin's French book of the same name, and tells the story of Nin's relationship with Henry Miller and his wife, June. The film was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 63rd Academy Awards. It is one of three Oscar-nominated films to be released with an NC-17 rating, the other films are Wild at Heart (1990) and Requiem for a Dream (2000).
My Three Angels is a 1962 Australian TV adaptation. It was based on the play My Three Angels by Samuel and Bella Spewack which in turn was based on the French play La Cuisine Des Anges by Albert Husson.
eTelecare Global Solutions, Inc (NASDAQ: ETEL) (PSE:ETEL), was a provider of complex business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions. eTelecare Global Solutions provides outsourced service through voice, email, and chat for companies in such industries such as consumer electronics, telecommunications, financial services, travel, and media. It offers customer service, technical support, sales, and market research services from contact centers in the Philippines, United States, Nicaragua, and South Africa.
Alain Le Mehaute (fr. Alain Le Méhauté; born November 21, 1947) is a French engineer-chemist and inventor. He has written numerous scientific researches and academic literature on Geometry, Physics and Chemistry. Alain Le Mehaute, Olivier de Witte and Jean Claude André were the first to file their patent for the stereolithography process, but officially the title of inventor of stereolithography and 3D printing technology on the whole belongs to Chuck Hul
Maku (Persian: ماكو‎‎, Azerbaijani: ماكي - Makı; also Romanized as Mākū) is a city in the West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41,865, in 10,428 families. It is situated 22 kilometres (14 mi) from the Turkish border in a mountain gorge at an altitude of 1634 metres. The Zangmar River cuts through the city. Maku Free Trade and Industrial Zone is Iran’s largest and the world’s second largest free trade zone and will encompass an area of 5000 square km when it was scheduled to open in 2011. Azerbaijanis and later Kurds constitute the population of the city.
Kulaku (Persian: كولكو‎‎, also Romanized as Kūlakū; also known as Kallūkī, Koolookoo, Kor Koh, Kor Kūh, Kūlkūh, Kūlūkū, and Kūlū Kūh) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 329, in 55 families.
Shogun's Sadism (徳川女刑罰絵巻 牛裂きの刑 Tokugawa onna keibatsu-emaki: Ushi-zaki no kei) is a 1976 Japanese splatter film. It tells two stories set in Edo period Japan: one involving a Christian girl who is taken as a slave and tortured, the other about a brothel master who tries to escape with a girl he fell in love with. It is a follow-up to the 1968 film Shogun's Joys of Torture.
The Early Winters Ranger Station Work Center in the Okanogan National Forest near Winthrop, Washington was built in 1936 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 for its architecture. It was designed by the Northwest Region 6 group of architects of the United States Forest Service, the USDA Forest Svce. Architecture Group. The listing included nine contributing buildings over a 9.9-acre (4.0 ha) area, reflecting Rustic architecture. Building functions included as single dwelling, secondary structure, government office, and warehouse.
Anthodon is a genus of flowering plants in the  family Celastraceae. It comprises two species of large  woody vines  native to Central America and northern and  Amazonian South America. They are scattered throughout most of the  neotropics, but are not  common in any part of their  range. They grow in wet forests from 100 m to 900 m in elevation. There is no known  use of these vines by humans.
Abeliophyllum (white forsythia, or Korean abelialeaf) is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the olive family, Oleaceae. It consists of one species, Abeliophyllum distichum Nakai, endemic to Korea, where it is endangered in the wild, occurring at only seven sites. It is related to Forsythia, but differs in having white, not yellow, flowers. It is a deciduous shrub growing to 1–2 m tall. The leaves are opposite, simple, 6–10 cm long and 3-4.5 cm wide, pubescent both above and below. The flowers are produced in early spring before the new leaves appear; they are white and fragrant, about 1 cm long, with a four-lobed corolla. The fruit is a round, winged samara 2–3 cm diameter. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in Europe and North America.
Kerron Stephon Clement (born October 31, 1985) is a track and field athlete who represents the United States and competes in the 400-meter hurdles and 400-meter sprint. He holds the indoor world record in the 400-meter sprint, having broken Michael Johnson's mark in 2005. Clement won the hurdles at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and the 2007 World Championships in Athletics and took the silver behind Angelo Taylor at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He retained his world title at the 2009 World Championships. He is a frequent member of the American 4x400-meter relay and is a two-time world champion and Olympic gold medallist in the event. As a junior athlete, he set a championship record at the 2004 World Junior Championships and as a University of Florida Gator won back-to-back NCAA titles in 2004/2005. He quickly progressed on the senior circuit, taking the hurdles title at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in both 2005 and 2006. He was fourth in his first global appearance at the 2005 World Championships and won his first global gold at the 2006 IAAF World Cup.
Mohra Topian is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil, a sub-division of Rawalpindi District, Pakistan. The village is connected to the cities of Gujar Khan (25 km) and Daultala (15 km) by a well-built road. It is connected to the Chakwal-Jhelum road by a link road of 4 km located at Pir Phalahi. Nearby villages include Thakra, Kalas, Chak Qada, Kolian, Dhoke Kashmirian, Bardiana, Faryal and Miana Mohra.
U-Catastrophe is the third album by British-Canadian musician and singer-songwriter Simon Collins, he is Phil Collins's son who also played on his album U-Catstrophe on a song \"The Big Bang\", while another Genesis member, Steve Hackett played on another song from the same album, \"Fast Forward the Future\". It was first digitally available in August 2008 on iTunes.
Ins Offene Messer (engl. Right Into The Trap) is the debut album by German pop-punk band Jennifer Rostock. It was released on February 15, 2008, and produced by Werner Krumme and Christian Bader. The album's lead single, \"Kopf Oder Zahl?\", was released on February 1, 2008. The song was participating in the Bundesvision Song Contest and reached the fifth place. The album was re-released under the name Ins Offene Messer – Jetzt Noch Besser on November 28, 2008.
Down on the Farm is a 1941 American short animated film directed by Tex Avery. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
The Great Turf Mystery is a 1924 British silent sports film directed by Walter West and starring Violet Hopson, James Knight and Warwick Ward. Like many of West's films it has a horseracing theme.
Incendiary: The Willingham Case is a 2011 documentary film by Steve Mims and Joe Bailey, Jr. that explores the conviction and execution of Cameron Todd Willingham for arson murder. Equal parts murder mystery, forensic investigation and political drama, the film meticulously reviews the arson evidence used to convict Willingham, and immerses audiences in contemporary struggles over the case. Incendiary won the Louis Black Special Jury Award in its debut at the 2011 South By Southwest (SXSW) Film Festival. It also screened in the Sterling US Feature Competition at the 2011 American Film Institute / Discovery Channel Silverdocs Festival. It was released in United States cinemas in fall 2011 to good reviews, in iTunes Movies in 2012, and continues to screen in U.S. theaters via Tugg.
The Finished People is a 2003 drama about three youths living on the streets of Cabramatta, New South Wales. The film follows the stories of the three main characters; Des, Van and Tommy. The film started out in June 2002 while Rodney, Joe, Jason and Shane were attending classes at a youth services organization called Open Family based in Cabramatta, New South Wales.
The Catasauqua Area School District spans portions of two counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. In Lehigh County it covers the Borough of Catasauqua and Hanover Township. In Northampton County it covers the Borough of North Catasauqua. The district operates one high school, one middle school and one elementary school.
Sunnydale is a private school located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It uses English as the medium of instruction but puts equal emphasis in Bengali. It offers preschool to A-Level courses. Sunnydale was founded by Late Abdul Mannan Khan in 1985. It started with a few children and one room at Road-7, Dhanmondi. Currently, there are over a thousand students and over a hundred faculty members in the school. The aim of Sunnydale is \"not only to educate the children but also to help them develop into confident and independent individuals\".
Karaiyippatti is a town and a municipality in the Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Karaiyippatti is called Thaikramam ('Mother of Villages'). It is the biggest taluk within the Madurai District. Karaiyippatti is a manufacturer and exporter of ploughs. Granite production is an important industry; granite from Karaiyippatti is exported around the world. Situated within a largely agricultural area, most of the people living around Karaiyippatti are employed in agriculture, chiefly in the cultivation of rice.
Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc is a village in the Canadian province of Quebec, located within the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine. The village had a population of 1,089 in the Canada 2011 Census.
Quietly is the third studio album by the atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect. Recorded at Red Room Recording and Woodshed Studios in Seattle, WA, it was released on Translation Loss Records on 22 July 2008. Following the departure of Gregory Lahm, original guitarist Alex Vernon returned to the band alongside new guitarist Steve Brooks. Kevin Schindel joined as permanent bassist. This left Watkins and Mann as the sole remaining members who recorded previous album The Ties That Blind. \"Generation of Ghosts\" features vocals by Julie Christmas (Battle of Mice, Made Out of Babies). The album was released on gatefold CD, limited edition 300 translucent and rainbow splatter double LP and limited edition 700 solid black and white swirl double LP.
Tricyrtis formosana is an East Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family. It is native to Taiwan and to Nansei-shoto (also known as the Ryukyu Islands, part of Japan). Tricyrtis formosana is an herb up to 80 cm tall, sometimes branching but sometimes not. Flowers are trumpet-shaped, light purple with darker purple spots. Varieties \n*  Tricyrtis formosana var. formosana - Taiwan, Iriomote \n*  Tricyrtis formosana var. glandosa (T.Shimizu) T.S.Liu & S.S.Ying - Taiwan
The Consolidated Edison Building, also previously known as the Consolidated Gas Building, is a Neoclassical skyscraper built in 1928. Designed by the architectural firms of Warren and Wetmore and Henry Hardenbergh, construction began in 1926 for the future headquarters of Consolidated Edison. The building, located at 4 Irving Place, takes up the entire block between East 14th and 15th Streets and Irving Place and Third Avenue. It was originally built for the Consolidated Gas Company, although its predecessor companies, such as the Manhattan Gas Light Company, were located at the same address as early as 1854. On February 10, 2009, the building was declared a National Historic Landmark.
Florida Credit Union is a member-owned financial services institution headquartered in Gainesville, Florida and serving the North Central Florida area. As of December 2011, Florida Credit Union had over $459 million in assets and almost 50,000 members. FCU is regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).
Enemion (false rue-anemone) are spring ephemerals with white flowers, branching stems, and finely divided leaves in the buttercup family. One species, Enemion biternatum, is native to eastern and central North America, while Enemion occidentale, stipitatum, hallii, and savilei are native to the West Coast of the United States and Canada. The genus Isopyrum is similar, and has species native to Europe and Asia. Enemion comes from Ancient Greek ἠνέμιον (ēnémion), another word for ἀνεμώνη \"anemone\".
Bernhard Schrader (15 March 1931 in Quedlinburg, Germany – 8 January 2012 in Essen, Germany) was a German professor for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry and teaching until his retirement in 1996 at the University of Essen. Schrader was an internationally acclaimed pioneer of experimental molecular spectroscopy in Germany, especially of Raman- and Infrared spectroscopy and its routine application in chemical analysis. Amongst his numerous achievements was his historic landmark paper with Bergmann of 1967 about the first successful use of Transmission Raman spectroscopy for chemical analysis of Organic solids, e.g. pharmaceutical powders, which has become routine industry practice since that approach was \"rediscovered\" in 2006.
Panj Shir (Persian: پنج شير‎‎, also Romanized as Panj Shīr) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 40 families.
Louisville Museum Plaza was a 62-story skyscraper that was planned for Louisville, Kentucky, United States. By August 1, 2011, despite the expenditure of public funds on its behalf, its developers had officially announced that they were abandoning plans to build it. The 703-foot (214 m) tall skyscraper was projected to cost $490 million and contain a 1-acre (0.40 ha) public plaza and park, condominiums, lofts, a hotel, retail shops and a museum. If built, it would have replaced the AEGON Center as the tallest building in Kentucky. The avant-garde design of the skyscraper was chosen by New York City REX architect Joshua Prince-Ramus. A groundbreaking ceremony was held on October 25, 2007, and construction at that time was expected to be complete by 2010. Delays disrupted the project. Prior to announcing that the project had been abandoned, Craig Greenberg, one of the projects four developers, had stated that he was \"hopeful that construction will start this year [2010]\" and that he also expected the project to be completed by late 2012. The location of Museum Plaza would have been between River Road, Main Street, 7th Street and 6th Streets in downtown within the West Main district, adjacent to the Muhammad Ali Center. It would have been the first skyscraper constructed in Louisville since the 35-story AEGON Center was completed in 1993.
Peekskill, officially the City of Peekskill, is a city in the New York City metropolitan area, Westchester County, New York, in the United States. Peekskill is situated on a bay along the east side of the Hudson River, across from Jones Point. The population was 23,583 during the 2010 census. This community was known to be an early American industrial center, primarily for its iron plow and stove products. The Binney & Smith Company, now makers of Crayola products, started as the Peekskill Chemical Company at Annsville in 1864. Peekskill's manufacturing base operated well into the late 20th century, with the Fleischmann Company making yeast by-products under the Standard Brands corporate name. The well-publicized \"Peekskill\" Riots of 1949 involved attacks and a lynching-in-effigy occasioned by Paul Robeson's benefit concerts for the Civil Rights Congress, although the main assault following the September concert properly occurred in nearby Van Cortlandtville.
The Lenox Round Barn is an historical structure that is part of the Taylor County Historical Museum in Bedford, Iowa. It was built in 1905 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1999. The building measures 70 by 50 feet (21 m × 15 m). It features white vertical siding, a large cupola, and a two-pitch roof.
Qaralar-e Tasuji (Persian: قرالرطسوجي‎‎, also Romanized as Qarālar-e Ţasūjī; also known as Qarehlar) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,279, in 428 families.
Mowr Deraz (Persian: موردراز‎‎, also Romanized as Mowr Derāz) is a village in Kavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 26 families.
The Westin Building Exchange is a major telecommunications hub facility located in downtown Seattle, Washington. The building got its name from the Westin hotel corporate office that made its home there when the building was first completed. It is also home to the Seattle Internet Exchange (SIX) and Pacific Northwest Gigapop's Pacific Wave Exchange. The facility has a pair of \"Meet-me Rooms\" on the 19th floor, which are used by telecommunication carriers and internet service providers to cross-connect their individual networks. These carriers situate their POPs within racks spread throughout the building, connecting back to the meet-me room via optical fiber cabling, facilitating interconnection with other carriers' infrastructure within the building. The Westin Building's meet-me room is the heart of the facility, where buyers and sellers of broadband services offer interconnectivity to their backbones and diverse services without the need to utilize telephone company provided interconnections. Tenants in the Westin Building Exchange who sell colocation and cloud services include Sabey Data Centers, Green House Data, and Apvio, Inc. National data center service provider Equinix is located adjacent to the building.
Taghcheh Jiq (Persian: تاغچه جيق‎‎, also Romanized as Ţāghcheh Jīq; also known as Bāghcheh Jīq) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 258, in 44 families.
Piotrowice Nyskie [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈnɨskʲɛ] (German Peterwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Otmuchów, 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Nysa, and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). The village has a seventeenth-century former bishop's palace which is currently being restored by the author Jim Parton.
Dragonfly is a 2002 supernatural fantasy film directed by Tom Shadyac and starring Kevin Costner. The story is about a grieving doctor being contacted by his late wife through his patients' near-death experience.
Theatre or The Last Supper (German:Das letzte Souper) is a 1928 German silent film directed by  Mario Bonnard and starring Marcella Albani, Heinrich George and Jean Bradin. The film's sets were designed by the art director Julius von Borsody.
The Cathedral of the Assumption is the cathedral mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville in Louisville, Kentucky. As of 2013 Joseph Kurtz, D.D., the fourth Archbishop of Louisville, was in residence at the Cathedral. Jeffery S. Nicholas serves as rector.
Do Gerdan Khunsorkh (Persian: دوگردان خونسرخ‎‎, also Romanized as Do Gerdān Khūnsorkh; also known as Do Gerdān, Dogerdān, and Dowgerdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,581, in 337 families.
Sumerian Daemons is the sixth studio album by the Greek death metal band Septic Flesh. It was released by Hammerheart Records (now known as Karmageddon Media) in 2003. It was originally the band's final album before they disbanded later the same year, until they reformed in 2007. The cover art for the album was a real background constructed in accordance with Spiros' instructions by a Greek FX team that usually works for films and advertisements, called the Alahouzos Bros. The words \"Demon resurrection passages from The Book of the Dead\" and \"Two hours since I've translated and spoken aloud the demon resurrection passages from The Book of the Dead\" in \"Unbeliever\" (2:29-2:32 and 3:56-4:03) come from horror movie Evil Dead II.
Zena Cole is an American Paralympic discus thrower who won a silver medal at the 2011 IPC World Championships and the same year won gold one at the Parapan American Games. She also participated at the 2012 Summer Paralympics where she won a bronze medal for discus throw of 5.29 metre. Currently she is scheduled to participate at the IPC Athletics World Championships which will be held in Lyon, France from July 16 to 29. There she will compete as a discus and as a club thrower. Cole above all else is a mother to her three daughters (Kalee, Britenee, Heather) and grandmother (Demitrius, Isabella)
Maria Saari (born 5 August 1968) is a Finnish female weightlifter, competing in the 48 kg category and representing Finland at international competitions. She competed at world championships, most recently at the 1999 World Weightlifting Championships.
Kharaji (Persian: خراجي‎‎, also Romanized as Kharājī and Kherājī) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,648, in 518 families.
The William Alfred Moore House is a historic home located at Mount Airy, Surry County, North Carolina. It was built between 1861 and 1863, and is the earliest known structure still standing in Mount Airy. The house is known for its Italianate and Gothic Revival exterior details and Greek Revival interior. In the front yard stands a rare hexagonal gazebo (c. 1865) made of wood poles and intervening laurel root walls. The Moore house is owned by the Mount Airy Restoration Foundation. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The Return of Mr. Zone 6 is the eighth studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was released on March 22, 2011, through 1017 Brick Squad Records and Asylum Records. Drumma Boy produced a majority of the album, along with Zaytoven and Southside. The Return of Mr. Zone 6 scored 65/100 to indicate \"generally positive reviews\". The album landed a spot on the Billboard 200 at number 18, with first week sales of 22,064. It also charted at number two on the Rap Albums chart.
Thomas and Lois Wheless House is a historic home located at Louisburg, Franklin County, North Carolina. It was built in 1954-1955, and is a one-story, rectangular Modern Movement style dwelling of glass, wood, and stone. It has a low-pitched gable roof, rests on a concrete-slab foundation, and measures 30 feet wide and 72 feet deep. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
Key Food Stores Co-op, Inc. is a cooperative of independently owned supermarkets, founded in Brooklyn, New York, on April 20, 1937. Its stores are found in Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. The headquarters for the Key Food cooperative is on Staten Island; the Chief Executive is Dean Janeway.The cooperative also operates stores under the Key Food Marketplace, Key Fresh & Natural, Food Dynasty, Urban Market, Food World, Food Universe Marketplace, SuperFresh, and The Food Emporium banners. In November 2015 the company completed the purchase of 23 stores from A&P which was in bankruptcy bringing the total number of stores under its management to 212. The stores included branches of Pathmark, A&P, Waldbaums, Food Emporium and Food Basics USA. Two of the stores are to be operated under corporate rather than cooperative ownership (a first for the company). The acquisition made it the largest grocer in New York City. The primary supplier of both A&P and Key Food is C&S Wholesale Grocers.
Fictionwise, owned by Barnes & Noble since 2009, was one of the largest electronic book sellers in North America with an estimated 1.5 million ebook content units sold in 2008. Fictionwise sold both DRM-encrypted and unencrypted (DRM-free) ebooks in various formats (including ePub, eReader, and Mobipocket) that were compatible with computers as well as a wide range of eBook devices, PDAs, and Smartphones. In November 2012, almost four years after being acquired by Barnes & Noble, the company announced that it was \"winding down its business\".
Katathesi Psihis (Greek: Κατάθεση Ψυχής; English: Deposit Soul) is the third studio album by popular Greek singer Nikos Oikonomopoulos, released on 11 December 2009 by Sony BMG Greece. The album contains twelve songs with music by Marios Psimopoulos, Elekos Hristovergis, Panos Falaras while the lyrics are written by the Eleni Giannatsoulia, Spiros Giatras and Maritta Rossi.
Iris douglasiana (Douglas iris) is a common wildflower of the coastal regions of Northern and Central California and southern Oregon in the USA. The Douglas Iris was first described by 19th century botanist David Douglas in Monterey, California. It grows mainly at lower elevations, below 100 meters (330 ft), though it is occasionally found at heights of up to 1,000 meters (3,300 ft). It is most common in grasslands near the coast; it is regarded as a noxious weed in pastures, because it forms clumps that inhibit other vegetation, and its leaves are bitter and unpalatable to cattle. This is a typical beardless Iris of subgenus Limniris, series Californicae, growing from a rhizome that is typically under a centimeter in diameter. Its leaves are about 2 centimeters (0.79 in) wide. It flowers from April to June. Flowers are usually a purplish-blue, though occasionally white or yellow flowers are found. Two or three flowers are found on each stem, which is of variable height, ranging from 15–80 centimeters (5.9–31.5 in) tall. Several varieties have been recognized, for example Iris douglasiana var. altissima (Jeps.) and Iris douglasiana var. oregonensis (R. C. Foster), but the species is highly variable and the varieties may not be well enough defined to be of much practical use. The Douglas Iris hybridizes freely with several other species; its natural hybrid with I. innominata has been designated as Iris ×thompsonii (R. C. Foster), and the garden hybrid with the same species as Iris ×aureonympha (E. H. English). This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
On the Road is the third studio album by American country music singer Lee Roy Parnell. It was released October 26, 1993 via Arista Nashville. The album produced four singles for Parnell, all of which charted on Billboard Hot Country Songs: the title track at #6, \"I'm Holding My Own\" at #3, a cover of the Hank Williams song \"Take These Chains from My Heart\" at #17, and \"The Power of Love\" at #51.
(For the Australian organisation, see South East Water (Australia).) South East Water is a UK supplier of drinking water to 2.1 million consumers in Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Hampshire and Berkshire and is a private limited company registered in England and Wales with company number 02679874. Each day the company supplies 565 million litres of drinking water from its water treatment works and manages more than 14,500 kilometres of its water mains. The company's supply area covers 5,657 square kilometres. The company takes water from rivers, reservoirs and underground sources (aquifers) under abstraction licences issued by the Environment Agency. South East Water acquired Mid Kent Water in December 2007 uniting two water companies in the South East of England and is owned by CDPQ (Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec) and the non-stock exchange listed Utilities Trust of Australia (UTA) established in 1994 and one of Australia’s first infrastructure investment funds that has approximately A$2 billion in funds under management with investments in Australia, the US, UK and Europe. UTA is managed by Hastings Funds Management Ltd.
50Hertz Transmission GmbH (former name: Vattenfall Europe Transmission) is one of the four transmission system operators for electricity in Germany. It is a member of the European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity (ENTSO-E). It is wholly owned by Eurogrid GmbH, indirectly owned and managed by the Belgian transmission system operator Elia System Operator and Australian-based Industry Funds Management. The company has offices in Berlin and owns the high power network in eastern Germany as well as the area around Hamburg. It operates the 220kV and 380kV networks and has about 9,750 km of power lines covering about 30% of Germany by area. The company employs about 760 employees. On 12 March 2010, Elia System Operator and Industry Funds Management acquired 50Hertz Transmission from Vattenfall. The deal was approved by the European Commission on 10 May 2010.
Music's in Trouble is the Drugs' debut album, released in 2002 on CD. It earned the Drugs positive press, an appearance on Rove Live, an ARIA award and spawned four singles: \"The Bold and the Beautiful\", \"Metal vs. Hip Hop\", \"Burger King\" and \"Was Sport Better in the 70's?\". \"Burger King\" was released as a free download from the Drugs' website and Yahoo! Groups list as a Christmas present from the band. The irony of the album is that track 14, \"No Fade Outs\", is the only track to have a fade out.
Giżyczki [ɡiˈʐɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Iłów, 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Sochaczew, and 64 km (40 mi) west of Warsaw.
The Modern Jazz Quartet at Music Inn is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at the Music Inn in Lenox, Massachusetts in 1956, with guest artist Jimmy Giuffre appearing on three numbers, and released on the Atlantic label.
Sira is a City and taluk headquarters of Sira Taluk of Tumkur district in the state of Karnataka, India. It lies on the National Highway NH-4 (Pune - Chennai) and NH-234 (Mangalore - Villupuram).
Leopold Infeld (20 August 1898 – 15 January 1968) was a Polish physicist who worked mainly in Poland and Canada (1938–1950). He was a Rockefeller fellow at Cambridge University (1933–1934) and a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Take It to the Bank is the second EP by American country music artist Chris Janson. It was released on February 25, 2014 via Columbia Nashville. The album includes material that Janson recorded while signed to the former BNA Records.
Milik [ˈmʲilʲik] (formerly Mikowa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Muszyna, 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz, and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków. It is located in the valley of the Milik river — a tributary of the Poprad. The village has a population of 700.
We're Children of Coincidence and Harpo Marx was the sixth solo studio LP by Dory Previn, released in 1976 by the Warner Brothers label. Apart from the download tracks Planet Blue made available in 2002, it was her last set of recordings.
KFC (the name was originally an initialism for Kentucky Fried Chicken) is a fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, United States (US). It is the world's second largest restaurant chain (as measured by sales) after McDonald's, with 18,875 outlets in 118 countries and territories as of December 2013. The company is a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, a restaurant company that also owns the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chains.
Wilcze Jary [ˈvilt͡ʂɛ ˈjarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Więcbork, 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz. The village has a population of 60.
The Ogre (German: Der Unhold) is a 1996 French-German drama film directed by Volker Schlöndorff and starring John Malkovich, Gottfried John, Marianne Sägebrecht, Volker Spengler, Heino Ferch, Dieter Laser and Armin Mueller-Stahl. It was written by Jean-Claude Carrière and Schlöndorff, based on the novel The Erl-King by Michel Tournier. The story follows a simple man who recruits children to be Nazis in the belief that he is protecting them.
Agua Dulce High School is a public high school located in the city of Agua Dulce, Texas and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Agua Dulce Independent School District located in western Nueces County and eastern Jim Wells County. In 2015, the school was rated \"Met Standard\" by the Texas Education Agency.
North Gaston High School is a public high school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Dallas, North Carolina, United States. Its attendance range covers the central portion of northern Gaston County and it also serves the communities of Hardins, High Shoals, Ashebrook Park, Spencer Mountain, and parts of North Gastonia, as well as the surrounding rural areas. Judy Moore serves as principal. Assistant principals are Doug Doorley, Mary Beth Edwards, and Tonnell Oliphant. Gary Shaw serves as athletic director. Feeder Middle Schools are W.C. Friday and Holbrook.
Rikki Fifton (born in London on 17 June 1985) is a British sprinter who mainly specialises in the 200 metres, but occasionally competes in 100 metres, 400 metres, and relay events. Before becoming involved in athletics, Fifton was an avid kick boxer. He currently runs for the Newham and Essex Beagles and is studying for a PE and Sociology degree at Loughborough University. He made his first international junior appearance at the 2003 European Athletics Junior Championships, finishing fourth in the 200 m final. The following year he attended the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics and again reached the final, this time finishing in sixth place. His most accomplished performance to date on the senior athletics circuit is getting to the semi-finals of the European Championships in Athletics in 2006 and winning the 200 m at the national indoor championships in 2007. He won the 200 m bronze medal at the 2007 European Athletics U23 Championships, finishing behind Visa Hongisto and Vojtech Sulc. In May 2009, Fifton took part in the 150 meters street race at the Great City Games in Manchester. He reached the final of the event and finished fourth with a time of 15.13 seconds, behind Ivory Williams, Marlon Devonish and Usain Bolt. He won the 200 m at the European Athletics permit meet in Geneva in June with a new personal best of 20.46 seconds. This made him top of the European rankings in the event and improved his chances for a place in the 2009 European Team Championships. He was selected to run the 4×100 m relay and the 200 m at the competition. However, he suffered a hamstring injury in the relay race and Great Britain finished tenth. Teammate Dwain Chambers won as the stand-in 200 m runner.
Hatamuniguda is a village of Bishama Katek tehsil, Rayagada district, Orissa, India. The village is 43.9 km far from its district main city Rayagada. Hatamuniguda is 258 km far from its state main city Bhubaneswar.
Albion House (also known as \"30 James Street\" or the White Star Building) is a Grade II* listed building located in Liverpool, England. It was constructed between 1896 and 1898 and is positioned on the corner of James Street and The Strand across from the Pier Head.
The Berry Vest of The Swirling Eddies is the title of compilation album featuring music by the rock band The Swirling Eddies, released in 1995 on Alarma Records. In an unusual twist, the cassette version of this \"best of\" compilation included a bonus track not found on the CD entitled \"Wacky Fan Letter.\" The track featured Camarillo Eddy reading an actual letter from a fan in which the writer harshly criticized the band's albums.
The Church of the Holy Transfiguration of Christ on the Mount is a modest, single-room, hand-built wooden church near the summit of Meads Mountain in Woodstock, New York, originally constructed c. 1891. Services in the Sarum Rite of the Western Orthodox (Catholic) tradition are held each Sunday morning. It is purported to be the repository of a Marian weeping Icon. In the 1960s, Father Francis, the much-beloved \"hippie priest\", here welcomed hippies who had congregated in town during those years that culminated in the famous art and music festival. Fr. Francis began the practice of this lesser known branch of Catholicism, which acknowledges the Pope as an earthly spiritual leader but, unlike classical Roman Catholicism, does not consider the Pope to be supreme or infallible. The Church has been placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The old Roycemore School building is a Northwestern University building that is included on the National Register of Historical Places. The structure had formerly housed the Roycemore School from its opening until 2012.
Dębowce [dɛmˈbɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Mrozy, 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki, and 65 km (40 mi) east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 271, including Gabe Smith.
Nadziejewo [nad͡ʑɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 200.
William Bruhn-Möller (11 February 1887 – 13 August 1964) was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in the coxed fours, inriggers, and failed to reach the finals of the eights tournament.
Gazlacheh (Persian: گزلاچه‎‎, also Romanized as Gazlācheh) is a village in Kachu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Sierra Sciences, LLC is a biotechnology company founded by William H. Andrews, former director of molecular biology at Geron Corporation. Andrews founded Sierra Sciences in 1999 in Reno, Nevada with the goal of preventing and/or reversing cellular senescence, and ultimately curing diseases associated with human aging, including the aging process itself.
Religulous (/rᵻˈlɪɡᵿləs, rᵻˈlɪdʒᵿləs/) is a 2008 American documentary film written by and starring comedian Bill Maher and directed by Larry Charles. The title of the film is a portmanteau derived from the words religious and ridiculous. The documentary examines and challenges religion and religious belief.
A Balloon Called Moaning is the debut extended play by Welsh indie rock band The Joy Formidable. It was released exclusively in Japan in December 2008, then released with additional tracks in the UK the following month.
Sahlavar (Persian: سهل اور‎‎, also Romanized as Sahlāvar; also known as Sarlāvar) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 781, in 167 families.
Kurdeh (Persian: كورده‎‎, also Romanized as Kūrdeh) is a village in Baghan Rural District, Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,736, in 357 families.
The curry tree (Murraya koenigii or Bergera koenigii) is a tropical to sub-tropical tree in the family Rutaceae (the rue family, which includes rue, citrus, and satinwood), which is native to India and Sri Lanka. Its leaves are used in many dishes in India, Sri Lanka, and neighbouring countries. Often used in curries, the leaves are generally called by the name 'curry leaves', although they are also literally 'sweet neem leaves' in most Indian languages (as opposed to ordinary neem leaves which are very bitter and in the family Meliaceae, not Rutaceae).
The Agent Intellect is the third studio album by Detroit post-punk band Protomartyr, released on 9 October 2015. The first single from the album, \"Why Does It Shake\" was released on 14 July 2015, along with the formal announcement of the album's title, release date, cover art and track listing. On 25 August the band released the second single for the album, \"Dope Cloud\". on 28 September the band released the third single for the album, \"I Forgive You\". On September 28, 2015 the album debuted on NPR First Listen. The album is named after an ancient medieval philosophical questioning of how the mind operates in relation to the so-called active intellect, also known as agent intellect and other names.
Dactyladenia johnstonei is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitats are forested valley slopes, at altitudes of 950–1,600 m. It is threatened by habitat loss due to logging and clearance for agricultural land.
Heavy Duty is an album released by popular Soca band Xtatik from Trinidad and Tobago in 1997. The album was considered one of the most successful Soca albums at the time of its release. In a 2004 interview, lead vocalist of the band Machel Montano claimed it was his favourite album of all time. The song Big Truck on the album won Trinidad's 1997 Annual Road March Competition for Trinidad and Tobago Carnival.
Rapid Fire is a mixtape by Philadelphia rap-duo Young Gunz. It was recorded in 2005, but was not released until January 29, 2008. Unlike the previous two albums by Young Chris and Neef Buck, the album was not a Roc-A-Fella/Def Jam release, but a release on their own record label, named Young Gunz Media. Most of these tracks had appeared on several mixtapes, and Rapid Fire is therefore different from Tough Luv and Brothers from Another. There are three appearances by Pooda Brown, one from Rell and one from Deemi.
Full Circle is the fifth album by R&B group Boyz II Men and their only release on Arista Records. Featuring the singles \"The Color of Love\", written by Babyface and \"Relax Your Mind\" featuring Faith Evans, Full Circle was the last Boyz II Men album to include bass singer Michael McCary. Three years later, singer Raheem DeVaughn would sample the track \"Right on Time\" on his song \"Ask Yourself\" from his 2005 debut The Love Experience.
Kozów [ˈkɔzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smyków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Smyków, 17 km (11 mi) south of Końskie, and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 400.
John Edward Anderson OAM (born 24 July 1939) is an Australian sailor and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, where he received a gold medal in the star class, together with David Forbes. He is the twin brother of sailor Tom Anderson. In 1975, Anderson was part of the winning Soling class crew in the North American Championship and that same year, won the pre Olympic Regatta at Kingston. He was a member of the Australian Admirals Cup Team on Apollo II (1973), Love and War (1975), and Runnaway (1977). On 26 January 1987, Anderson was awarded the Medal of Order of Australia in \"recognition of service to sailing\". Anderson was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1999. On 14 July 2000, Anderson was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for \"services to sailing, particularly youth and offshore\". In 2009 Anderson was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame.
Especially for You is the first full-length album from New Jersey-based rock band The Smithereens. The album is notable for the hit \"Blood and Roses\", which has been featured in multiple movie and TV productions. Producer Don Dixon's co-production work on R.E.M.'s Murmur and Reckoning albums added attention to the record's initial release. The album today is highly regarded by most critics, and was one of Kurt Cobain's favorite albums, as noted in his journal. \"Blood and Roses\" was used: \n*  as the theme song from the 1986 movie Dangerously Close \n*  in \"Duty and Honor\", a 1987 episode of the TV series Miami Vice \n*  in the 1997 movie Romy and Michele's High School Reunion The title and lyrics to the song \"In A Lonely Place\" were inspired by and adapted from the 1950 film \"In A Lonely Place,\" starring Humphrey Bogart and directed by Nicholas Ray. In particular, the line \"I was born the day I met you/Lived a while when you loved me/Died a little when we broke apart\" is a paraphrase of a key passage in the movie. In addition, the line \"Yesterday it would have mattered/Now today it doesn't mean a thing\" is a paraphrase of the last line in the movie.
(This is a Chinese name; the family name is Lee.) Lee Wung Yew, PBM BBM (Chinese: 李宏耀; pinyin: Lǐ Hóngyào; born 19 March 1966) is a Singaporean sport shooter. He is a three-time Olympian, a six-time Asian Games competitor, and a thirteen-time Southeast Asian Games medalist (1985–2009). Because of his long-term success and full commitment to the sport, Lee was named Singapore's Sportsman of the Year in 1990 and in 1998. He was also conferred the Public Service Medal and Public Service Star for his contribution to sports.
Phoenix is a 1998 American crime film directed by British director Danny Cannon and starring Ray Liotta. Liotta plays a cop whose gambling debt leaves him indebted to the underworld and desperate to find a way out without compromising his principles.
Bądkowo Kościelne [bɔntˈkɔvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 192.
Kotla is a village in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India. It is located 35 kilometres (22 mi) from district headquarter Jalandhar and 161 kilometres (100 mi) from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Krimmley Contracting Company, KCC (Arabic: شركة قرملي للمقاولات ) is a Saudi Arabia-based construction company established in 1961; it was the first company to operate asphalt and crusher plants in the Assir Region, accelerating growth by constructing roads to remote towns and villages. The company has undertaken the overall design of telephone networks in the Assir District. The company also specializes in design and building water supply network, trunk lines, stormwater, sewage treatment projects and microtunneling projects. the company provides constructions services in Saudi Arabia.
Owdli Shakestan (Persian: اودلي شكستان‎‎, also Romanized as Owdlī Shakestān) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9, in 4 families.
Trivisa is a 2016 Hong Kong action crime thriller film produced by Johnnie To and Yau Nai-hoi, featuring the directorial debuts of newcomers Frank Hui, Jevons Au and Vicky Wong Wai-Kit. The film is a fictionalized story about three real-life notorious Hong Kong mobsters, Kwai Ping-hung, Yip Kai Foon and Cheung Tze-keung, who are portrayed in the film by Gordon Lam, Richie Jen and Jordan Chan respectively. The film had its world premiere at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival's Forum section. The film also opened the 40th Hong Kong International Film Festival on 21 March 2016 and was theatrically released in Hong Kong on 7 April.
Best friends Clay Clayburn (James Craig) and Will Denning (Guy Madison) graduate from West Point and visit their friend and fellow graduate Braxton at his Georgia plantation in 1861. Clay had once loved Braxton's wife Kathy (Barbara Payton) and still does. When war is declared they soon find themselves fighting on opposite sides of the Civil War. By 1864, Clay now a Field Artillery Major in the Confederacy is renowned for accepting but surviving suicide missions. He is given another. To delay General Sherman's March to the Sea, a local guide can lead a party of men and their disassembled cannon inside caves that lead to the top of Devil's Mountain where a battery of guns can destroy the railroad and the Union troop and supply trains that travel it, buying time for the Confederacy. Devil's Mountain is coincidentally near Braxton (who is now fighting elsewhere for the Confederacy) and Kathy's old plantation where Kathy remains with her uncle. Kathy agrees to monitor the activities of the Northern invaders and signal Clay's outpost from her window through a mirror by day and a lantern by night. Through her activities, Clay's men are notified of the arrival two supply trains and destroy both of them. Arriving at the plantation is Will, who is now a Major in the Union Field Artillery. When the two men meet each other in combat, neither knows it as each is in an artillery position hundreds of yards from the other. However, the love of Clay's life, Kathy Summers, does know and tries desperately to save her two good friends from killing each other. The Union Field Artillery cannot achieve the elevation or range with their cannon to clear the Confederate guns at the top of the mountain. Inside the mountain, the Union Infantry cannot find the path to the top and are delayed by Confederate snipers. As the railroad line has been blocked by two destroyed trains, Union headquarters send a giant Naval Dahlgren gun manned by sailors and mounted on a flat car that has the capability to wipe out the Confederates. Kathy is able to supply Clay's guns with wire from her piano that is used to reinforce the barrel of one of Clay's guns that with a double charge and maximum elevation is able to destroy the naval gun and further block the railroad line. Will has Union Army Engineers mine the inside of the mountain with explosives that will literally blow the top of the mountain. Kathy wishes to act as a mediator to get Clay and his men to surrender that the Union army is keen on as it will save time. However, Clay calculates that the explosion will send the cliff down over the railway line further blocking the Union's supplies.
Hamzeh (Persian: حمزه‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzeh; also known as Shahīd Ḩamzeh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 345, in 51 families.
Prathinidhi (English: Representative) is a 2014 Telugu political thriller film produced by J Samba Siva Rao under Sudha cinemas and directed by debutant Prashanth Mandava. The film stars Nara Rohit and Shubra Aiyappa in the lead roles. Music is being composed by Sai Karthik. The film received positive reviews from critics and audience. This movie was remade in Tamil as KO2. The filming was launched on 26 June 2013 at Hyderabad.
False Bay High School is a private school in the Strand of the Western Cape province of South Africa, founded by Herman and Lisa Janse van Rensburg in January 1999. It was originally established in Somerset West but later moved to its current permanent location in the Strand.
Oh My Sister Live & Clips (stylized as Oh My Sister LIVE & CLIPS) is the first DVD released by female duo Soulhead.. The DVD contains the PVs that correspond to their singles from their debut album Oh My Sister. Along with the PVs, content also includes their July 22, 2003 performance of Get Up!, which was performed at SHIBUYA-AX.
Brody (Ukrainian: Броди, Polish: Brody, Yiddish: בראָד Brod) is a city in Lviv Oblast (region) of western Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Brody Raion (district), and is located in the valley of the upper Styr River, approximately 90 kilometres (56 miles) northeast of the oblast capital, Lviv. Population: 23,713 (2016 est.). Brody is the junction of the Druzhba and Odessa–Brody oil pipelines.
Lifestyle Pets, formerly Allerca, is a Delaware-based biotechnology company that claims to have bred hypoallergenic cats through a selective breeding process. The company was originally incorporated in California. According to company literature, the company's cats have significantly reduced levels of a particular protein that humans suffer allergic reactions to. The journal Nature reported in September 2006 that in an Allerca-funded study, Sheldon Spector, a clinical allergy expert at the University of California, Los Angeles, found the company's cats to be less allergy-inducing than the control. However, neither the study nor its underlying data have been published, and Spector himself advises caution as regards his study's interpretation as he used an experimental setup that is generally regarded as less than reliable. A July 2006 article in the San Diego Union-Tribune reported that no details about the cats have been released, nor have there been any peer-reviewed studies published about the company's work. Cat experts also questioned whether the company's breeding model - stated at the time to be up to 10,000 cats by 2009 - was viable. Time named the company's cats among its list of Best Inventions for 2006. Allerca refuses to provide its kittens to clients whose allergy test results \"indicate a level that includes HIGH\". A cat based on the Domestic shorthair cost US$6,950 while ones based on the Siamese and Ashera cost $16,900 and $26,950 respectively. In February 2006, Allerca was evicted from its San Diego headquarters, an address that doubled as the founder Simon Brodie's home. Brodie's previous businesses have \"left behind unhappy clients, unpaid employees, debts, lawsuits, court judgments and liens....\" The company Transgenic Pets sued Allerca and Brodie for theft of trade secrets and business plans. Allerca settled. The settlement agreed that Allerca would not re-enter the genetically engineered allergen free cat market until May 31, 2006. For a while, Allerca offered a franchising program, possibly in violation of California law. Reports from Allerca indicate that they accepted at least partial payment from potential franchisees. The company announced that on January 1, 2010 they will cease their breeding activities. However, their website remains active, and recent online complaints suggest that they are still in business. A report by ABC news in July 2013  confirms that the cats sold by Lifestyle Pets are no more hypoallergenic than any other cat.
Banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae. These Australian wildflowers and popular garden plants are easily recognised by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting \"cones\" and heads. When it comes to size, banksias range from prostrate woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres tall. They are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes; sclerophyll forest, (occasionally) rainforest, shrubland, and some more arid landscapes, though not in Australia's deserts. Heavy producers of nectar, banksias are a vital part of the food chain in the Australian bush. They are an important food source for all sorts of nectarivorous animals, including birds, bats, rats, possums, stingless bees and a host of invertebrates. Furthermore, they are of economic importance to Australia's nursery and cut flower industries. However these plants are threatened by a number of processes including land clearing, frequent burning and disease, and a number of species are rare and endangered.
Honkytonk Films is a new media production company based in Paris, France. Founded in 2007 by Arnaud Dressen and Benoit de Vilmorin, the company develops, produces and distributes multimedia documentaries on all platforms (TV, Internet and mobile) worldwide. Since 2008 Honkytonk has realized co-productions of web-documentaries such as Journey to the End of Coal, that received SCAM award of the multimedia work in 2009. The company is also dedicated to developing and distributing Klynt, an application dedicated to interactive editing.
Man by the Wayside (German: Der Mensch am Wege) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Alexander Granach, Emilia Unda and Dieterle. It was Dieterle's first film as director, and featured Marlene Dietrich in a supporting role. Twenty years later he would direct her again the 1944 Hollywood film Kismet.
Ain't No Shame in My Game is the debut album by the rapper Candyman. The album was released on October 9, 1990, by Epic Records. The lead single from the album was \"Knockin' Boots\" which reached number 1 on the US Hot Rap Singles and number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album itself reached number 40 on the Billboard 200 and number 18 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and featured two other minor singles, \"Melt in Your Mouth\" and \"Nightgown\". Ain't No Shame in my Game was certified gold on December 18, 1990.
Keen Engineering Co. Ltd. was a consulting engineering firm based in Canada and the United States that operated from 1960 to 2005. In the late 1950s James Keen, in association with Jerry Yost of Toronto, formed Yost Keen and Associates. The company successfully designed many projects in Toronto. They began to build a solid reputation within the consulting engineering industry that started bringing projects from Western Canada. One of the Western projects obtained by the firm was located in Regina, Saskatchewan. In order to successfully complete this project, the partners decided that an office needed to be set up in Regina. Jim Keen opened the Regina office. By 1960 the two partners agreed to split into two firms, and the Regina office became Keen Engineering Co. Ltd. James Keen and the principals of the newly formed Keen Engineering decided to aggressively pursue the growing Western Canadian market. After conducting a careful analysis of the building services market, the Directors decided to open offices in Edmonton, Calgary and Vancouver. Due to market fluctuations in the late 1970s, they decided to close the Regina office. However, the Edmonton, Calgary and Vancouver offices continued to flourish and prosper. In the late 1980s, a new office was opened in Toronto, marking the end of a round trip journey James Keen retired in 1980 and Tom Johnston was appointed president. Tom oversaw Keen's expansion to total seven offices across Canada and began to consider international projects. After 18 successful years of growth, Tom retired from presidency in 1999. James Keen died in 2000, but the company name lived on. Kevin Hydes was appointed president of Keen in 1998. Under Kevin's guidance, Keen Engineering quickly became a leader in the field of green engineering. This quickly led to the formation of Keengreen - a division of Keen that focused exclusively on Green design. This group promoted sustainable design across the entire company so effectively that green design became the company's philosophy. As a result of this new policy, Keen became a world leader in sustainable building design, having over 160 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) accredited professionals on staff by 2005, the most of any organization in the world. In May 2000, Keen expanded its North American operations by opening an office in Seattle, Washington, and later on in San Francisco. In 2001, Keen opened its eighth Canadian office in Ottawa, Ontario. Throughout its history, Keen Engineering remained 100% employee-owned. Some of the more prestigious projects that Keen designed include: \n* Library Square in Vancouver, British Columbia  \n* UOIT in Oshawa, Ontario  \n* Simon Fraser University West Mall Campus in Burnaby, British Columbia \n* York University Computer Science Building in Toronto, Ontario \n* C. K. Choi Building, University of British Columbia, Vancouver In August 2005, it was announced that Keen Engineering Co. Ltd. had entered into an agreement with Stantec of Edmonton, Alberta, to merge with their building engineering division. On October 3, 2005, Keen Engineering was officially merged with Stantec and Keen Engineering ceased to exist.
Kissed by the Wolves (Chinese: 狼吻) is a 1975 Hong Kong adult film directed by famous Shaw Brothers villain actor Chan Hung Lit, who also acts in a supporting role. It stars Alan Tang, Pan Yin Tze, Dean Shek and Lydia Shum. This film won \"Best Cinematography\" at the 21st Asia Pacific Film Festival.
Bolandan (Persian: بلندان‎‎, also Romanized as Bolandān) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 200, in 43 families.
Julian Union High School (commonly known as Julian High School), is a public 4-year high school located in Julian, California. It is part of the Julian Union High School District. The federal New Deal Works Projects Administration was involved in the construction of the school, athletic field, bleachers, and surrounding rubble wall according to a bronze plaque at the entrance of the campus and date stamps in the concrete of the bleachers. Year of construction was 1940.
Shahid (Persian: شهيد‎‎, also Romanized as Shahīd) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 489, in 122 families.
Bruce Goldfish Fisheries is located in rural Keokuk County, Iowa, United States east of the villiage of Thornburg. The goldfish fishery was established in 1877 by Elgin K. Bruce, who had started raising goldfish in Pittsburgh in 1845. His son, E.K. Bruce, Jr., took over the business in 1900 and he had the 1½-story, frame, Queen Anne-Neoclassical style house completed in 1910. At one time the Bruce Goldfish Fisheries consisted of twenty-four ponds, nine windmills, two fish houses, a storage house, barn, garage and two cement tanks sunk in the ground. The tanks were used to display the fish for public tours, and to sort them before they were shipped. The heyday of the business was in the 1920s, shipping goldfish across the United States and around the world. Tariff protections were removed in 1933 and the American market was opened to less expensive Japanese fish. The effects of the Great Depression also led to the rapid decline of the business. E.K. Bruce, Jr. died in 1936 and the family tried to continue the operation, but it came to an end in the early 1940s. The Bruce family remained on the property until 1978. The house and some of the ponds remain on the property. The farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Hammad (Persian: حماد‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩammād, Hammād, and Ḩamād; also known as Ḩamād-e Seyyed Sattār) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 309, in 44 families.
St John's College, Woodlawn is a Catholic systemic secondary school, located in the rural area of \"Woodlawn\" on the outskirts of Lismore, New South Wales, Australia. In the city of Lismore the four largest industries by employment are the retail sector, health care, education and agriculture. St John's College, originally an agricultural secondary school, has a major part in two of these sectors and of course participates indirectly in the others as well. The school's name is often shortened to \"Woodlawn\" rather than being named fully. After 75 years the name is a source of pride and honour throughout the local and educational communities. The School was founded by the Marists who continue to play a role in the running of the school. The first lay Rector (Principal) is Glenn Roff who holds the role currently.
5 Card Stud is a 1968 Western Mystery directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Dean Martin and Robert Mitchum, The script, based on a novel by Ray Gaulden, was written by Marguerite Roberts, who also wrote the screenplay of True Grit for Hathaway the following year.
Kal Qari (Persian: كل قري‎‎, also Romanized as Kal Qarī and Kāl-e Qarī) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 32 families.
Malcolm A. S. Moore, D.Phil. (born January 18, 1944) is the Enid A. Haupt Chair of Cell Biology at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Dr. Moore is a noted oncologist and hematologist primarily known for being the Principal Investigator in the development of filgrastim, marketed by Amgen under the brand name of Neupogen and Neulasta. Over 3 million patients world-wide, mostly with cancer, have been treated with Neupogen. G-CSF mobilizes stem cells from the bone marrow into the circulation and subsequent peripheral blood leukapheresis produces sufficient stem cells for both autologous or allogeneic transplantation, reducing the need to obtain large volumes of bone marrow. Such stem cell transplants give a faster recovery of white blood cells, platelets and red cells than seen with conventional bone marrow transplantation. G-CSF stem cell transplants are used in treatment of leukemia, lymphoma and multiple myeloma resulting in prolonged remission and, in some cases, cure. He is a member of various national and international societies and is on the editorial boards of a number of Journals. He has served or chaired committees of governmental and professional organizations.
Curious George 3: Back to the Jungle is a 2015 traditionally animated film adaptation of the children's stories by H.A. Rey and Margret Rey. It is a sequel to the 2010 straight to DVD film Curious George 2: Follow That Monkey!. It made its television premiere on PBS Kids on August 17, 2015.
Daniel Vidal Fuster (born December 30, 1975 in Burriana, Castellón) is an S6 swimmer from Spain. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter butterfly race, the 4 x 50 meter medley relay and the 4 x 50 meter freestyle relay race. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 50 meter butterfly race and the 4 x 50 meter medley relay. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 x 50 meter freestyle relay race. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter medley relay. He finished fourth in the 50 meter freestyle race. He finished fifth in the 50 meter butterfly race. At the 2009 IPC European Swimming Championship in Reykjavík, Iceland, Vidal finished in the top three in at least one of his races. In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open.
Nowy Jarosław [ˈnɔvɨ jaˈrɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Darłowo, 11 km (7 mi) west of Sławno, and 168 km (104 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 196.
Mosla is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described as a genus in 1875. It is native to eastern Asia, the Himalayas, and southeastern Asia. Species 1.  \n*  Mosla bracteata Doan ex Suddee & A.J.Paton - Vietnam 2.  \n*  Mosla cavaleriei H.Lév.- Vietnam, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Yunnan, Zhejiang  3.  \n*  Mosla chinensis Maxim. - Vietnam, Korea, Japan, Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Shandong, Sichuan, Taiwan, Zhejiang  4.  \n*  Mosla coreana H.Lév. - Korea 5.  \n*  Mosla dianthera (Buch.-Ham. ex Roxb.) Maxim. - China, Japan, Korea, Ryukyu Islands, Kuril Islands, Primorye, Caucasus, Himalayas (Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan, northern + eastern India), Myanmar, Vietnam, Philippines, Sumatra 6.  \n*  Mosla exfoliata (C.Y.Wu) C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - Sichuan 7.  \n*  Mosla hangchouensis Matsuda - Zhejiang 8.  \n*  Mosla japonica (Benth. ex Oliv.) Maxim. - Japan, Korea, Ryukyu Islands 9.  \n*  Mosla longibracteata (C.Y.Wu & S.J.Hsuan) C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - Guangxi, Zhejiang 10.  \n*  Mosla longispica (C.Y.Wu) C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - Jiangxi 11.  \n*  Mosla pauciflora (C.Y.Wu) C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - Guizhou, Hubei, Sichuan 12.  \n*  Mosla scabra (Thunb.) C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - Vietnam, Korea, Japan, Ryukyu Islands, Anhui, Fujian, Gansu, Guangdong, Guangxi, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Liaoning, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Taiwan, Zhejiang  13.  \n*  Mosla soochouensis Matsuda - Anhui, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Zhejiang 14.  \n*  Mosla tamdaoensis Phuong - Vietnam
Alexander Cannon (died 18 March 1963) was a British psychiatrist, occultist, hypnotist and author. He became well known in the 1930s for his occult writings, and more recently for his alleged influence on King Edward VIII shortly before his abdication.
Kalmak-e Gelal (Persian: كلمك گلال‎‎, also Romanized as Kalmak-e Gelāl; also known as Kalmūk) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 5 families.
Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɪŋɡrɪt fɑn ˈɦʌutə(ŋ) ˈɣrunəˌvɛlt]; 21 October 1921 – 30 March 2015) was a Dutch astronomer. In a jointly-credited trio with Tom Gehrels and her husband Cornelis Johannes van Houten, she was the discoverer of many thousands of asteroids (credited by the Minor Planet Center with the discovery of 4,625 numbered minor planets). In the Palomar–Leiden survey, Gehrels took the images using the 48-inch Schmidt telescope at Palomar Observatory and shipped the photographic plates to the van Houtens at Leiden Observatory, who analyzed them for new asteroids. The trio are jointly credited with several thousand asteroid discoveries. Van Houten-Groeneveld died on 30 March 2015, at the age of 93, in Oegstgeest, Netherlands. The Themistian main-belt asteroid 1674 Groeneveld – discovered by Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg and independently discovered by Finnish astronomer Yrjö Väisälä in 1938, was named in her honor (M.P.C. 2901).
Luwamphu  is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2810 people living in 529 individual households.
Baghestan-e Kandehi (Persian: باغستان كنده اي‎‎, also Romanized as Bāghestān-e Kandeh’ī; also known as Kandai, Kandeh, Kandī, and Kondeh) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District, Kuhmareh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 714, in 164 families.
Del Taco is an American quick service restaurant chain which specializes in American-style Mexican cuisine as well as American foods such as burgers, fries, and shakes. Del Taco is led by Chairman and CEO Paul Murphy, and is headquartered in Lake Forest, California.
The Alpha Gamma Delta Fraternity House is a historic fraternity house located at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in Urbana, Illinois. The house was built in 1927-28 for the Sigma chapter of the Alpha Gamma Delta sorority, which was established in 1917 and chartered the following year. By the 1930s, the chapter was known for its academic success, and six of its members had been invited to Phi Beta Kappa; its members were also active in campus groups and university athletics. Architect George Ramey designed the sorority's house in the French Eclectic style, which became popular in the United States after World War I. Significant elements of the design include its gray brick exterior, its steep slate hipped roof, its central staircase tower with a conical roof, and its stone quoins. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 5, 2009.
Jayammu Nischayammu Raa (English: Victory is Certain) is 1989 Telugu comedy film produced by G. V. H. Prasad on Sudarshana Pictures banner, presented by Satyanarayana, Kota Srinivasa Rao and directed by Jandhyala. Starring Rajendra Prasad, Sumalatha, Chandra Mohan in the lead roles and music composed by Raj-Koti. The film's title is the title of a famous song from the Telugu film Sabash Ramudu (1959). The film marked the debut of famous comedian Dharmavarapu Subramanyam into film industry. The film recorded as Super Hit at the box office.
Sułowo [suˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Choszczno and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Modrzewie [mɔˈdʐɛvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Szczutowo, 12 km (7 mi) west of Sierpc, and 126 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
East Saint Louis Senior High School is the only high school located in East Saint Louis, Illinois. The school serves about 1,438 students in grades 9 to 12 in the East Saint Louis Public Schools district. It was featured in the Jonathan Kozol book Savage Inequalities. In 1998, East St. Louis Lincoln High School consolidated with East St. Louis High.
Throwback Entertainment, based in Toronto, Canada develops, creates and publishes immersive and interactive gaming titles. Throwback Entertainment's unique portfolio of games has accumulated of $3.5 Billion in revenue, sold over 200 million copies and distributed to over 35 countries.
William Tennent High School is a public high school serving grades 9 through 12, located in Warminster, Pennsylvania, US. The school is the only public high school serving Warminster and Upper Southampton townships and Ivyland borough in the Centennial School District, located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. The school was named in honor of William Tennent, an early American slave owner, Presbyterian minister and founder of the original Log College, a very early theological school located in the colony of Pennsylvania. The first William Tennent High School building was located across the street from the current high school and when both were in use, the buildings were called William Tennent Intermediate High School (grades 9 and 10) and William Tennent Senior High School (grades 11 and 12) (the current school). The site of the original Log College is located near the modern high school
Six60 is the name of both studio albums released by New Zealand rock band Six60. This, the second album, was released on 27 February 2015 through New Zealand label Massive Entertainment. It debuted at number one on the New Zealand Albums Chart and was certified Gold in its first week. All of the songs on the album made an appearance on the New Zealand Artists Singles Chart in its first week of release due to strong overall sales. The album was later released in a Standard edition or a Deluxe edition with additional tracks.
Olbrachcice [ɔlbraxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Biała Prudnicka, 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Prudnik, and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Chamaeraphis is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family. The only recognized species is Chamaeraphis hordeacea, found in Queensland and Northern Territory. formerly included Dozens of other names have been coined at the specific and varietal levels, considered at the time as members of Chamaeraphis but now regarded as better suited to other genera, including Chrysopogon Echinochloa Ixophorus Panicum Paratheria Pennisetum Pseudoraphis Setaria Setariopsis
St. Patrick: The Irish Legend is a 2000 television historical drama film about the life of St. Patrick who was born in Wales.(AD 387-493), the man who brought Christianity to Ireland.
Nepenthes pitopangii /nᵻˈpɛnθiːz pɪtoʊˈpæŋɡiaɪ/ is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. Discovered in 2006, N. pitopangii was initially known from a single plant at a remote locality in Lore Lindu National Park. Efforts made in the following years to locate further populations on surrounding mountains proved unsuccessful. In March 2011, a new population of N. pitopangii consisting of around a dozen plants was discovered more than 100 km from the type locality. Nepenthes pitopangii appears to be closely related to N. glabrata, from which it differs most obviously in its upper pitcher morphology.
Jensia yosemitana is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Yosemite tarweed. It is endemic to California, where it has a scattered distribution across the Sierra Nevada and its foothills. Some of the populations lie inside Yosemite National Park. Jensia yosemitana is an annual herb with a slender stem up to 25 centimeters (10 inches) tall. The hairy to bristly leaves are 1 to 3 centimeters (0.4-1.2 inches) long and located all along the stem. The inflorescence produces flower heads on thin, threadlike peduncles. The head generally has 2-8 yellow ray florets each about 2 millimeters (0.08 inches) long and 1-7 yellow disc florets with black anthers. The fruit is an achene with a bristly or scaly pappus.
Chinese Cemetery, also known as Chinese Cemetery, Warren Mining District, is a cemetery located near Warren, Idaho. It is the only ethnic Chinese cemetery in Idaho that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was listed on March 29, 1994. The cemetery was created to hold the remains of Chinese migrant laborers who came to Idaho to work as miners, though many of the bodies have since been exhumed and returned to China.
The Costanera Center Torre 2, better known as Gran Torre Santiago (Great Santiago Tower), and previously known as Torre Gran Costanera, is a 64-story tall skyscraper in Santiago, Chile, the tallest in Latin America. It is the second-tallest building by highest architectural feature (behind Q1 in Australia) and by highest occupied floor (after Australia's Eureka Tower) in the Southern Hemisphere. It was designed by Argentine architect César Pelli.
Wólka [ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Bakałarzewo, 14 km (9 mi) west of Suwałki, and 107 km (66 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok. The village has a population of 20.
Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎‎, also Romanized as Dastgird; also known as Dastjirdūn) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District, Gazik District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,179, in 262 families.
Phyllachne colensoi, the yellow cushionplant, is a species of cushion plant in the Stylidiaceae family. It is native to both New Zealand and Tasmania, with colonisation of the latter being a somewhat recent dispersal. Phyllachne colensoi is frequently the dominant vegetation in upland bog habitats and is found throughout high mountain areas in New Zealand, but is only recorded from 12 sites in Tasmania in the west and south-west of the island. Phyllachne colensoi is a perennial cushion mound-forming plant with short erect stems that are densely packed. Leaves are sessile and small at only 2-3 mm long. Solitary flowers are white and held close to the cushion mound, with flowers and fruits being produced from December to March. Phyllachne colensoi was first described as Helophyllum colensoi by Joseph Dalton Hooker in 1864 and then moved to the genus Phyllachne by Sven Berggren in 1877.
Bolhur (Persian: بلهور‎‎, also Romanized as Bolhūr; also known as Bolhar) is a village in Garmsir Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 4 families.
Farismaneh (Persian: فريسمانه‎‎, also Romanized as Farīsmāneh; also known as Farasmāneh, Faresmāneh, and Parsmān) is a village in Kharrazan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 41 families.
Kalkali (Persian: كلكلي‎‎, also Romanized as Kalkalī) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 339, in 66 families.
Phacelia calthifolia (calthaleaf phacelia or caltha-leaved phacelia), is a flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae. It is native to the Mojave Desert in southeastern California and western Nevada, between Barstow, California, and the Death Valley area, where it occurs below 1,000 m in sandy soils. It is an annual plant growing to 30 cm tall, with bristly stems. The leaves are dark green, rounded to heart-shaped with a notched base, 1-3 cm long and wide, with an entire or serrated margin. The flowers are bell-shaped, about 1 cm diameter, purple to violet in color.
Colstons Almshouses is a historic building on St Michaels Hill, Bristol, England. The almshouses were founded by Edward Colston for 24 inmates. It was built in 1691 and has been designated by Historic England as a grade I listed building. The front wall and gates are also grade I listed. The home provides 12 1-bedroom flats, laundry and communal lounge and a garden. The Society of Merchant Venturers is the trustee for the Almshouses.
Hajji Seyflu (Persian: حاج سيفلو‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Seyflū) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 130, in 28 families.
The CK Birla Group is an Indian conglomerate named after Chandra Kant Birla, headquartered in the Birla Tower in Barakhamba road, New Delhi, India. Earlier the group was led by eminent industrialists - BM Birla and GD Birla (Padma Vibhushan). The Group includes leading brands such as Orient Electric, NBC Bearings, Charminar, Aerocon, BM Birla Heart Research Centre CMRI Hospital, Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra and Caterpillar Dealership represented by Gmmco. As of 2014, it includes over 20,000 employees, 24 manufacturing facilities and operations across five continents. The CK Birla group is a diversified conglomerate with a total revenue of approximately US$1.6 billion in year 2014. Its current chairman CK Birla is a member of the Birla family, known for its role in the industrial development of India.
Hoseynabad-e Morad Khan (Persian: حسين ابادمرادخان‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Morād Khān; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād-e Morād ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 13 families.
Jakubowice [jakubɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Pawłowiczki, 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Korani-ye Olya (Persian: كراني عليا‎‎, also Romanized as Korānī-ye ‘Olyā, Korānī-e ‘Olyā, and Korrānī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Korānī-ye Bālā, Korrānī, and Kūrānī) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 40 families.
Spreading from the Ashes is a compilation album by the Los Angeles psychedelic rock band, The Peanut Butter Conspiracy (PBC). In total, there are 26 tracks composed of early work when the band was known as The Ashes, and their beginnings as The Peanut Butter Conspiracy.
Pol-e Dokhtar (Persian: پلدختر‎‎, meaning Bridge of the Daughter, also Romanized as Pol Dokhtar and Pul-i-Dukhtar) is a city in and capital of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22,558, in 5,131 families. Pol-e-Dokhtar is approximately 100 kilometres from Khorramabad, the provincial capital. Just north of the city resides the remains of an ancient bridge, which, along with others in this area, has been submitted as a potential UNESCO World Heritage site.
Southern Norway Regional Health Authority (Norwegian: Helse Sør RHF) is a defunct regional health authority that covered the counties of Aust-Agder, Buskerud, Telemark, Vest-Agder and Vestfold in Norway, as well as the national hospitals in Oslo. The authority was founded on January 1, 2002, but merged with Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority to form Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority on June 1, 2007. The eight health trusts owned by the authority were Blefjell Health Trust, Rikshospitalet–Radiumhospitalet, Vestfold Psychiatric Health Trust, Ringerike Heath Trust, Buskerud Health Trust, Vestfold Health Trust, Telemark Health Trust and Sørlandet Health Trust. It also owned by of Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust.
The Inland Steel Building, located at 30 W. Monroe Street in Chicago, is one of the city's defining commercial high-rises of the post-World War II era of modern architecture. It was built in the years 1956–1957 and was the first skyscraper to be built in the Chicago Loop following the Great Depression of the 1930s. Its principal designers were Bruce Graham and Walter Netsch of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill architecture firm.
Yu☆Yu☆Hakusho – \"SAI-KYOU\" Best Selection Album (幽☆遊☆白書 最強ベストセレクション Yū Yū Hakusho Saikyō Besuto Korekushon) is a compilation album released for the Japanese TV series YuYu Hakusho. The album was published on March 21, 1997 by Pony Canyon. The album includes hit songs that were featured in the YuYu Hakusho series like \"Hohoemi no Bakudan\" (JP #45) and \"Unbalance na Kiss wo Shite\" (JP #28) and pop ballad \"Taiyou ga Mata Kagayaku Toki\" (JP #9).
Khatron Ke Khiladi is a 2001 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Imraan Khalid for producer Sanjay Chaturvedi, starring Mithun Chakraborty and Raj Babbar in the lead role along with a galaxy of supporting stars.
The Hungry Bachelors Club is a 1999 American film directed by Gregory Ruzzin, based on the novel of the same name by Lynn Scott Myers. The film was retitled Food for the Heart for its DVD release.
The Greene Murder Case is a 1929 talking film produced and released by Paramount Pictures and based on the novel The Greene Murder Case, by S.S. Van Dine(aka Willard Huntington Wright). The novel had been published a year before this film was made. It stars William Powell in his first Philo Vance outing. Florence Eldridge and Jean Arthur costar. In 1937 the film was remade as Night of Mystery.